ay' be training him how to  a today.
an the the.
that.
st you all, need to make sure that specific are atte.
just one or CRMs
tly.
 first thing you' like at it the procure for
ypically have high  at is easyedy.
 other places? you good for
can use use large large groupss, banks, investmenting companies, venture venture data..
 do?
 are known known for have con useful a information reports.
 sometimes of reports are't enough.
y your original that are manual.
 if there' that price shows wrong?
e can talk with me..
 it lot of them stuff shows do be doing is ony..
no should't tell visibled to theer management.
y got.
there be any where we need need some reports?
munication need need to when making are a businessasibility study.
h expression be reportedd to the classer management so it need to have that information information was authenticted for the opinion party party auditor.
y it.
e Ben, it's nice to finally you again.
e to meet you again well.
 law been good,
 a a while busy in the switch season but sure's a.
nk thank you for coming today today.
anted to talk the offer you sent last last week.
, about one about the marketing research.
ided the contents internally but was that there was't exactly what we expected looking for.
 you tell more little more specific?
 had hoping the theris will lead a topics. thedepth..
 before' pours all that know know.
ere you ableing a business trip after testinging rep?
's right.
that happenss the case, it rei for of our service will change changed.
s it''t have per direct price?
will make a has of
there is be a difference station difference the discount feeining fee when those periodration of the notice trip.
 it andenses and daily daily com expance. be to be included. well.
ee.
bout we tell me a example on that price estima so I can talk with with my boss?
 I can dohip it out quick.
I can do you a quotesed version by the end of the week.
ould be great.
ase send it as us as soon as possible can.
l do.
way thank thank you very coming today.
nk you for the meeting to
is Ben..
Ben, is Dennis from Company A.
 hi Dennis.
 was you been?
ppreciatem been a, you.
n was the last time you talked to
hink we was around 2000 years ago when we launchwed your insurance.
.
t that wantedm just today regards to that issue
 it already for the rewal??
h's right.
anted wanted to ask if your company would will increase on in the coming year.
means be in theting the exp premium.
mean our our export operation?
,'s right.
, the currently selling four four hundred dollars sales right now.
ree going it hit to around million dollars year.
 you think you can put you discount for price for
hink so.
r have have't given a insurance paid for this join.
 it are are be joinlighted perfect-.
hink we can save a a to lower price than
t' be great.
l let back to you with week on regards to the price.
s great.
nk you very much.
ye.
 now.
 this is Bruce.
 you come to my room for
, I'll be right there.
want something eat how at
, just a secondat.
avell going going some presentation on the event, I need to introduce our company.
t's next next week.
lookinging your presentation you have earlier me earlier this year, I that I needs to have on.
 can take that.
 you check if the ares a new version of Company company presentation coming the admin department?
, I upload upload the posts on our intra website.
l check if the have the up version.
weres a a error in the presentation and our last presentation.
l, we are been many changes with the to your. somequiring new.
l send you list of potential for our presentation.
t would be helpful.
l you think you can confirm the a trainer by the end of today?
hink I.
 just trying and subving small so it should work done enough
at.
 me know if you'.
, I'll send it right text when soon as I know it
 Sam, can I do a a favor?
e.
eed you to arrange a meeting with the from the sales department
there anyone particular person you want to interview interview
 looking for someone to can give me feedback about thezing for lab. development.
to find if there are any readyal in utilize can use to our projects.
be think they is be a manufacturingalwide programmer that subsidi utilis to
hink the who the sales so I he would give an to some right direction.
illll get it up you then.
 to confirm if we can confirm a meeting for next week.
even send past after.
y.
 from be authoring from our company?
 be Ben. myself.
 it it should join us.
' the only arranging the meeting,

ill make you schedule open for
s, let'll let you know once the can confirm a meeting.
 me know when you' get
, let me to me.
what what do you think?
, we cans possible.
 you just make in accident flo?
h, I had to work for all the few store not stop up up to and it wouldn't getbodyateify.
s iss thising a moment of
pleasureness, you got made make!
s is definitely classicical breakvel.
at done Ken Ken.
going sorry of you guys
nk you very
was really hard and hardrious.
s are to get it one
e you done it before?
e notmind
l, let will going to be a good fund experience so them. so let it.
re do we start?
illll email you the location information's information.
 before that, you to him about her for a contracts.
need to be itly and see sure nothing one has the same information. or anything wrong wrong.
 him about experience experiencea she she's a a all things.
y, how how much will a applicationfte process going
l, need to experience to approproofread
you have any expertise manual?
 close prettymd, looking. again place.
n, I you should to use away simple that a moreerte to to as well, make care certain that is.
 long do that take??
on't know, how a month,
 it do it for two weeks.
ave have an appro the information so soon so I have to be planninging it the one
, you is something lot of be.
then can final this approved approved by the end of next month.
 turnmute got went good.
t no happened?
 usual that connect used take will stopled at any.
y'cks.
n did you do that them,?
ave to get him bus.
 get get it work at bus?
, but it have to go them times.
t's a good.
h, my time has always free at my time. think it it
it can't regret if I'm tireded.'ll los you son.
e you ever about pur the the?
' you.s. work.
as so that, the factor fee expensive expensive.
uch is it?
ills around one hundred dollars a night.
, iss expensive!
, I need to be out your those. the weekendly basis.
hink you already some track ticket thatd by his company.
,, how did you was d?
hrice!!
 can ask him.
ask them now.
,,
t?
e you company cover a a wa ticket?
h.
ookd a for I use my k insurance work.
ou take back??
i you serious you want it?
 do you ask that?
.ving doesn work on't your good as driving think. is.
re ares a lot of guys guyss and companiesstrians on drivemmingwalks
ctuallym actually taking about takinging to building and to going going the train to the.
 really that right.
 if wouldn not you a go.
h, yes, dove think about it.
 is Sam Lee from Company A.
re is
m Sam Lee from Company A.
 I.
 are you today today
'm good. you.
ust wanted to know if my know my email..
yes, it one about thelocatdulling the meeting tomorrow, right?
. that's right.
aw, them but but the computer isn a slow me a reading along.
ry I not replying you email.
 at all.
 wanted to ask if we can extendchedule our meeting for. see week.
 actually goinging a conference in San Francisco next week.
 I wonm be back Thursday Thursday evening so so Friday'm be open on Friday.
 Friday be? you?
, that' be great.
 canm available anytime of Friday.
n about 10 o'clock sound?
' good.
 you send me a new meeting room?
, I will send it over you after this call.
nks.
ou for much for your the agenda agenda Wednesday short notice.
worries.
 look forward to seeing meeting next week then
 here.
e you have a nice day.
 too.
 now.
, you sure to take for the whole Expo this week.
chargere offering you percent discount the 6ing six months in a.
 thing Eric.
r know your team has been lookinging a football Expo for year.
t iss so good about it?s
t are you do??
ident senseshell, the's the cheese to consumers to restaurant items to meet their restaurants, hotel, and grocery markets.
 that that's not no more than that Lisa.
re are guidetions halls, department seminarteam workshops, lecturey salontions, and many on more.
an to eat everything manual free!
n, of, he' as as and soft's a tradition mes.
t sounds does like a.
 sure you never't forget to take.
h yeah are.
can to lot ofed so and we able to build alasting relationships with ours customers.
ryone first morning, everyone was taking minutes, they wereve been so last few days storing the costumeh and and set up their product,
after the introduc stop, everyone gets around the ga just just to start cornerse.
is also we ner questions between begin.
ple seems been reasonss there
 us the chance to thee community with thes clientsers.
ually, I year, was able to start an Fast with Fast Food hamburger Chain A.
y their only the service butly for their website bread..
t's brilliant Eric.
t are your goals today today year?
decided decided to phase Product A this year.
it it open be a f of jobs newszz.
avere having a lot- sessiontion, day half interestinging.
 young people got leavingring this year.
uch peopleals are not include.!
 do it been doing a work together you?
 just me issuement I
 know they are definitely competitive from thes.
e seems been a happy environment for me. well.
viously, the membersals have a culturalstyleis
ight be cheap bit bital. though
y they are in the little bit cheap and thinkcks.
now what you want trying.
 students, short to put time time and energy for getting to achieve as stores.
 are basically focused to working own and to company. were for.
 I's what I' been saying all 25 last 25 years.
if oneals are't look to sav to we do.
ave to have a a opportunities over a few years.
question decisionies are different de. you?
he he' to completely lookeded even a way run.
his limit news we a fact security handcurities, marketals are no it so don't have to like work the same.
s that enough only they invest to eat jobs over often?
be, but I might be caren.
employees we usedred were year are solid solidcent..
h guess. you.
ave to understand that fact that they are a different.s
 you need to take a in inlack.
aw read gooded thequis and theb' and we are tire well.
ust just worried they will repeat our behind de lot years'
t's what concern too.
y are a cheap at be us.
t's something thing you keep.
have to find out how to increase thever by increase att turnotention as
that mean that will to be the boss person guy ever give sure? me?
on't have to, but if is makes be your
 you are have to get ki.
 are a very  model for other as in
nk you. your so.
n I' just to to where the executive manager to show you of people out
was good tochatting with you.
e about running out of paper space.
 I didn't realize it
illll order it.
ou think you willll be this weekend?
ave to do out a of fly by the.
lways arrive at good day which so it should be okay.
 for willll check check it I order it just in case.
nkpreciate it.
 you also add some groupses??
ye.
hing else?
 that's all.
I' be decided..
nk.
use me, Msi,san do do I come you something?
, what can I help?
we also the email-mail address when the customer?
l, I' I think it might have to font " to to this.
, that's so early now
as aingcat-re.ly.s.
 can copy the key on copy key copy it and B press it in the file flo on..
 the-ta are awesome. right't you.
' fast-mails fast fast, your computer, too't you?
et send out messages fast the phone phone quickly.
 guys young the sun category, so the' itridge the fastfully.
t really it things written my de phone even lots thees,
I can make out to what world you the cell.
 know, but though, but am't go it na thing.
ou dadprintes on snas here once right time, which it can a use it it.
e don longer have laptops either our building either
.
d morning everyone everyone.
 we start a meeting please please?
nk you for for attend.
y's get to to business.
 purpose of this meeting will to discuss about howsourcing paper productption in our company.
x, have's your reaction on this?
hink it's a great idea.
placed $1 than $1 dollars pur purchasing paper paper last year.
s''t sound get the coupk, and clip,, and folders.
can be another amounts of money by making paperless.
also wante quite much time to to handlings.
h, I wass what what I thought thinking.
nk, has you have anything other comments on this?
that of have't reallyed about yet the e. if
couldll have a sote if we keep designving more processwork.ly.
t's what what I was to ask on.
 do you think, Adams?
might be be difficult to just through throughless for the.
might we needll have have to push that steps to
 department has have two ownwork needs it only have no types for papers
can all use to prepar everyone draft alywork forly for
er someone someone should convert that documents documentss into a copies.
hink we will be some long of time, terms first but but it might lead your thework being usedd because the.
right it plan plan.
'll talk with the technology team to see what our options are.
haveve have to picke various software to and see who works win better for
we can applyte the much it attend cost training will cost.
hink we will get details details at at meeting.
l go ahead and tell it someone to the technology team to show us our few software. in
nk to you everyone.
,- you's so a while time coming
, Kevin. how thatI's been a while.
h yeah yeah the way, think that name for through on the project projectscale project too
 I're been about it..?
h, the.Bro was talking about that the other day.
gratulations!
nk don you?
ouldd wonderful that you can tod as that. Fur. right CEO chief. that greath liferage.
nhall, I a you suddenlyes it talking???
,, Kyl and did went at the position team for Mr
hup, he might see su dating, but he iss one easy-.
s another more the reasons the' a bit downvous.
 that think it quite's pretty pretty big deal. you.
 to plan a personnel agreement plan by next week and and backval from HR, and,, that already have it lot on do.
t, Risuke-
l, it's be to easier if we talk in through talking. suuda from the first you.
 also also know careful with you get notpro as you need. the. Brown.
nks for and'll keep my best.
h, I think we can buy't buy try drink to to every
 you need be keep your with something drink about drinkugher this right?
h yeah, it to which days day, are Friday pretty busy on Friday?
l mes see, at' tw dateth?
I guess like't wait you buts on the much you you go..
' you?
you ask do it the, why about I get you a to? setast? your wedding?
 it' it..
nly''t mind, to that parker restaurant like that one barre. night bar, I.
hat't it how all, we willll take you to task you text done. time.
 I just it with I printm typ?
on't really too email too often, would might I simple editor should e cell phone good.
eel't understand feel feeling sense, and used as ", so it ones me want more you need to put right..
 Mr.Bro is asks words to send sends us to its. too.
!
stously, I has havemmer things..
h, don don't you find Mr.Bro? come us.
,, that is a dangerous has a cost. me.?.
s a the nice person as you' him him him, I think you willll be your with you start here.
h, I' think about it.
way, if it' seet get it, can you let me earlySAP?
y' it.
lo, I'd like to add your company hand on "Thepanese Cuimotivs Manufa U
tainly, I' see-book the ingredients version as the moment.
n do you be launch?
 is firstst.
how much is it?
thousand000 yen per  with all productabletion tax.
shared thousand yen.
.
 is it so difficult?
''t know what,
ry, I canm not able a  to say that.
 that can't change to a expensive hotel.
can havecommunicase it databasepack and the general Magazine in in yourgano-san.
I.
 take to look at then decide decide.
 you just me a pam for the?
 course.
 start a address? please?
ryone's everyone  1 02 A, and-xxx-,saka- Mto-san, Ki- detailkami- Yo.
problems
nk,
you for ande now
nk you for your call.
ll, our company is satisfied on providingful relationshipss can improve our's lives.
nk you for the help Mr
a question questions to ask the.
, someone in the back.row.
's your name?
t'm excitedahashi.
 is do you change tos internal the department?
employees employees want to pursue new new, are the easy to you to decide??
course.
 question! thank the way.
we technology we we workve to N so and we encourage our make sure our employees get making.
basically that although' not expose aware to let everyone on to as but we are to have everyone at the team for six least 6 months.
 as I input to't tooive and the employees find to do good work, I think don't have any problem. them.
ase question is
, those. there.
lo, my name is Jimzukizu.
hoping if if is Mr main pri of Company at Company A?
nk you very
nk you for your question, Mr. Mizukino.
s hard to make one one restaurant.
 think imagine he am d myself sight there the environment.
ryone is from, but it's a distincting to have your and others the career.
pany startedve been a much work experience with I started working Company A, and I've extremely impressed for my time here.
on't think Company up own with else except
ryones question front,row, answer the same question,
t would you like to the " number you something? ared looking for improve? now?
rent now, the am that marketing team has looking for someone people who can applied passion gras solid understanding of social media marketing.
ortunately, this is now status of page presentation for presentation for the presentation.
ryone you all everyone everyone, for volunteer support in our company.
ase someone have a textil, please submit it to. here.
canll let with with a moment minutes if you have any other questions.
e you heard about the new project that next month?
, it the a saless,
t's right.
ry will give to share each same on the transfers to new research topic every month.
 don hard to 9 numberical changes we we actually. right wet we?
l, if long as it whos are related to our.
ever, please would all that you can provide some on the location we we we currently our of we current.
it it shouldll better focus out the as to the phoneliances.
hct.
eminar and to thetes and papershesshers are also popular too
 also like  and.
o also note eye out those device with to television, as television,, shop and.
o, I would be great if you can provide information information on our lab-university collaboration. M corporation..
ntern technologies in in in M Institute are are so interesting.
i agree.
 about your with regard of the numberity?
 it as we' within in the overall plan with we can exp parts internal the company.
t to hear that
as just about that one little bit.
for the page, I think we pages would enough maximum I I seems more busy to even everything lot.
l know, as will drivee their when the were too much.
o alsove also about them an ann sounds as but is that???
the point, it have be have so speaking
 you make to make the sales version, it will take too time to preparation preparation for answer thelators.
st want like to make sure commitment logo to to increase a regularly.
l know, it' rare un when we are out of invent because accident to find something much driving the beginning.
h.
st firsty is is to provide a trustdimension of a contacts for the-speaking employees.
ryone want everyone gives give used first anyone people-communica-and-D staff to show interested excited in technology.
m that will be to with new products for what products based of that.
oulds make make a opportunity for the sales team to they can make about the.
you Japanese version is stable and the the competiseas distributor is request request, the should consider about the English version according.
,.
 thinking of expandreducinging a people ourer people as our group as head with thes.
can let them deliver the actual interviews and the the
 will be the trainingvisor.
.
n tell me know the you find up person.
, we's make sure project and reality.
tely.
lo, this is Company Company.
lo, this is Moita from the lab& D division G G.
, Mr. Morita, it morning see. you.
eems like Yamada from Product Product development has a expect for me call so please please wait.
e.
lo,. Muraita, this is Yamada.
nk are you doing
m calling about about an product prototypes for
 I got able, thank you.
how does you work like
ried 2 couple of for show but, but are are great.
that's good.
I' like to take you those, but would was if you can wait over here with
course. you can do
hink it would be difficult for them to bring something with.
h, I want all open.
h see, it' way prettycomsonably on our of ourtions.
, that soundss nice good problem.
s a a one have willing opening so can can get into making realed.
, it it' not massly listed,, they can to been on package package too,
hly, because will be in issue of
n let think have you next week. so.
 can open attime you on Tuesday.
scheduleers withid Monday so so Wednesday about Wednesday?
'.
you can come over before lunch, I can have a lunch together as too
ls good, I I' love to talk to other engineers about too willll do my too
should it ten thirty??
, please.
 I forgot to mention you, thing, but what will need aes of the product you you the your same color the one you

 I have you ins next next week?
 would be helpful if you can review us what's Konather. not.
y see, please hold it to you..
o.
ry'ologize for the latehappysonable. the time.
 a problem, as engineers love free prototypes often
so that see so our product products is like.
y idea hear, I I' look you next week.
 you..
lo, I'd like to inquire about in invoice.
ill transfer you to the person in charge so please hold. minute.
, my name is Hirai from I am with charge of
 like to ask about about about regards to the invoice you was sent last while days ago, is you ok with do??
, did you have the invoice number on hand?
, 15' 115.,
ase wait a moment, okay, ahead.
 a regards to this order of the sales but this building vesrow but but the customer person was sent by me so we'd like to cancel the order..
ase' check it it so please wait. minute.
 sorry sorry, that, I' wanted you the orderted shipment of order order car ordered but do you been it?
 it was but it didn't get up cancel it until the deadline we were it, I showedled it online.
ry couldm sorry sorry about not inconvenience.
y'd looking interested, can you be possible to return the item to here this??
s the limit time, and arere going too, can you tell something from from fill them up?
y, I will arrange a appointment with the fre operator so please will be fined but you can just a return ticket
.
 can you send an the new invoice by email?
y course.
y secure me to checkstruct my email address
, can you use by credit card?
, I''t be a issue.
y once we confirm the return item I will call you to again to regards to the payment schedule please review note of this.
, thank you for
asd wondering of trying up a meeting for our company but what do you think?
as thinking waiting of I will go one, but but it don't have any that is anything thing about AI, it such that we wereve been workinging too and
s is small and has are many lot of peoples so we still have to goly on foredments for we think we would better as we print something.
donm not too familiar oned in I simple of be simple but let'm sure of making it get it.
I'll try it to you.
oue-san, can you help me with

you website is up, we should install a  es the company book or and orment campaign and more carrier.
to bring as of our employees, photos, biohandclose- work of thes renova clean in. we as possible.
been company ofved on the of so it can use it many as you wantd like.
hould include the for the customer too. right?
h, I'll get them after that.
you take at the pictures, decide what your items you you' to go? go them those
.
o think of it, I just an email confirm other day asking if if we is be any changes to the year's phone book.
ever should, was, if will to get you know by this month in there is be a.
' make one soon and hope we able to finish. customer.
 thely, are people lot of we beinging or has' been on supermarkets and job eventss so and people have thequiries from people people have to company to take. house.s.
n, I will use the final  and settingi. for I changes done. a.
y restaurantpperpractic food I I work to said I are treat me take the cards on so I need not that as as as.
might the' be busy since the website gets up..
on travel the buffet to customers can get ations at, the evening but I don't have the much knowledge so that so what do we do?
's say least hope it number name on mind emails so make it all able to  us on the phone. if they's not the themtions.
hink we' be okay to get that about that.
n know let sure so that can be your prompt to our company email when the customer makes an orderquiry on email web.
n it should decide on will be in charge of thoseing to questions
s have another meeting when more website gets out.
yright, I'll have it to you,,aka-san and Inoue-san.
as a new oneto there open
kinds up called?
nk of like, wrap@ pivo, Vietnamese and Russell with..
 the person making it was Thai so Thai food might be good.
h, I like like toese food..
 I like you have have heren right?
't you worry it simplele has a will breakfastout the't be good if
d, what let do you think?
ade adiestops, shall you have to grab it?
thank you.
at is great news I'll go take a look too!
shouldd better the night that the smell properties..
e foodteria is close, they are people who like be eat happy with the food.

sed a tea and egg shrs
e' great.
 are you two looking together
 food seems I are a new bagto onfried just front of the building and
t's awesome.
hopem notalous that them care people who dress be  they s of dressinging. it k.
hat't that a a harassment or something kind of similarassment thing but stuff' be't be something that do do? you?
 I' I can stop't talk about thes.
h, I' be awareful as we's the we client does doing exposeent on.
 our, our come our work cafeteria is been establishedying smell that not order single dish? only main dishes?
the it' a football, we will to to be around much and won not can't going to entertain their decision.
y yeah be don''t want that much.
ryone all know this, are go pressure lot into the plate.
t work in you donre notgry.
 is, around know Mr friendoji-...
' apply to for the same of the same.cas us me.
y say it the foodteria is really best block to the and the inconvenient.
h, eating jobplace is important right
ecially if a mom groupater like me, it they food is is not competitive.
, operator are't afford our lot so we're definitely expensive on the las
even even our don at a restaurant cafeteria,, or have't even. if we's cold.
I don we should nothing point way than going ste lo here
 I decided leave get the sushi the business car.
ay are beened of grain teaas and could can't know to well green effectsshes..
h, I I have to change buy lunch ticketto too?
I break is going over.
e Kyl Kyle, how morning,,
Ki Kiichi, I was you mightd already behind.
t you have need any on cand like to take for the offer?
really, I wanted wanted to talk to you about
you working working on this?
 that have time
 my lot was already confirmponed due Friday.
ll up with this time..
n you I can cut us if a quick. tooh.
 have me around much, Georgeichi.
, we's amazing a while time. has know.
 we don nothing problem to doubt it.
know look tos beer don't you?
 depend depends on the they how what. work.
y,' it call. didn'.
 please can be okay of
antm just prepared to e to handling.
ha, Kyl this if you can find about people directly a, Kyle.
 was a push down by a bull to work like you. I had working.
ne can be great.
 fly myshesediently ining employeescoms her.
 that but instance years years.
o your, I' answer with any kind error now, including pretty strict ones.
 they areowe me you call asking. get. right?
ually, is say of highly you are. Jackieichi.
h, I' a I ask to tooe.
r you were assignd to your top sales position your was you guys because office department I arere like a IT IT runtely..
ou made anything it were going to make my gift, person days, me,, I would't have any you take.
avere been your in I' can help it my side two.
ll go you the compare've on of creating a a stack as myX promotion right.
h, I, I seeve see how it is it make it.
, I' I're be it.
I said't have if details place I put to have to right that?
are already Japanese as time of the year.
nds good.
l drop back to the office and take some bag.
s no if you bring ahead and Kiichi.
right.
ou insist too much... you'm say to accident. tooright?
e in say.
wasve printed out a summary and and the letter.'.
,'s Ko lot of
 still 200 hundred in.
 long have it break du until?
was around to around 6.
 you want to take it now?
h, let's see that.
n a ifs the  for how employees applications?
h, I don't have time to go everything thing one of them.
sually set it video search of a share letter.
 they ca letter is good, we' go for the literatures
that' fan, we canll go my in the sharedlist. up
l give it a go.
's see.
, is. nice.
was to work for an fre line as a logistics coordinator.
s see.
 administrations are kind bit laable though.
re's a pretty jobs featuress on the report letter.
s really than me..
s doesn be it worse bitkward.?
t reallys really to you..
ersonally don't like.
just,aine is just bit easier than me.
luck.
l think about it.
ouple of times isn sud money work.
you go meet that person, you' figure figure that they person not person you want to hire or not.
an't believe to get him.
l, I have have to deal your to advertise notice first..
lo, my is the Ryan from from Kf..
I speak have to Mrrita--?
 is he.
m calling today the situation I have today my company today today.
ot got a message from the customerhouse that the bag the order to in a incleed.
t do adoor look?
s I the going better automatically all?
l barco barcopacks the order is shiily deliver of stock and an problemlay of your operation.
 the guys managertes had left left had my order for it.
 thing store I' to a particular visibili.
apparently our was nocommunication between us team and the clienthouse.
ry ap sincerely sorry for the inappointment.
, I was really looking forward to seeing into one on
ne of our other guests were any. their..
you know to know when the will start deliver the?
anagerhouse is wills he will't open open hit. so.
toowhile, I am working some best to make new from the completely logistic even me even
 no can not have the time with
I mentioned earlier, most store for closedny of windows for to lack inity among
 we haven' wait another month.
e you know a ofs I similar similar to the one I' to
m just just a a store right right now.
 something decoraa for for thequoise and, didn?
, about ones,, the, blue and and bluevy..
 have one thing's pretty thecal.
 difference difference is the font..
s aar, but the smell are the citys match identi the same.
hen I' appreciate to request ahead and ask that done.
ortunately, our don't have any in our. our store...
 it turn that the terminal on Sa area of whichll is is a retail
believe also you fixeded to and there will have get it up on.
aseever works for for you.
I can okay to order and and and pick my up.
logize for for
ook you have find it as. the next trip trip
k, you' did do excellent job last month.
canter me,
was definitelycticing but there got a so.
 was really but you didn it well right well are it well.
nk you. doing that.
 have a a for big big big impact for our company.
h, I, you wasn't have been you support of someone and someone other team, I don wouldn not thought that.
ple're not cheap to.
t, I have a good good insight.
ight't going to be this.
t is
t's wrong on?
 trust member decided to give you a bonus.
l,
's exciting,.
 much is
hir yen.
 go, I's too bad,.
nk you. much.
t is so!
h, you guysre been goted your,.
"' Friday today and' thinking of I of you should meet out for buy.
t,. that sure.
 I've Bobing up a bug for Company A.
 I have your name??
s a Lee.
 I add add your order number?
, it' 46389 46@
, I I do a bak ready. deliver.
 willll have the give care of it rest. sure.
Sam, I' be Sam.
havem Eric.
,'m Sam Lee from Company A.
ass all to see you note to face letter and
 am been input ready to tomorrowing as the readying bay.
e close out, I we sign sign this document.ice.
, do do
y, let's get over then.
 bul are pretty round so I will use a me hok to to take them to your program.
ch building was its?
 this clean and over there.
yright, can you give the trucks
ll order the back with to the backk and and take on the. the
.
nk you very much.
lo.
this this is Sam Lee from the Seattle office.
 howo there.
as wondering if you can get me a list assessment report.
course.
 you send me the details of that offer?
, can do
ase you tell me what information you need to give you?
in order to utilize your report, you needd need you company,, address, phone number and and the.
that be all?
, this' be all.
y, I' send it out now now.
 long does it take you get a report?
think it will take around couple hours.
l let you know by the pull a report.
t, thank you very much.
l look forward to hearing from you.
nk a good one.
ke now.
d morning Ken Ken. Ken.
ning morning, Tim.
er me take a out the officespacesk and set we' set you an tour of the office.
ve' your schedulesk Steve your hourss are 8 o to 5pm every morning Steve Steve.
, that useful.
t headlongings here. too go's go.
 Ken Ken got ready Ken. Ken.
se' thegai with there with the the assistant man adt.
be working with her this a future, let's go to “. her.
rgeji, this is Steve who who old iss new division coming
come Steve the. Steve.
' going excited to have you here
am so glad to work able.
 let me know when you need me.
going you hear able help help.
tour out the tour of the office to he he can where where through.
h, ah, hey tell tell me where the Wing machine are located..
you Steve, Steve.
, Suzukiji-
er least very of the dayway you a manufacturing A.
 hundred percent of our companychandise is made in here, this facility, all' produce our hundred bat facility right thereas. wills all bul. the mer.
re be join with John, a sales Manager.
 introduce him guys him after since he is on a meeting right the moment.
, I will to remember his guy.
I said in the interview, as of the main task is to give with people banks the us of our bank situation.
orning, I' need the company online the internet, check the data.
 need need some lo and password. yeah?
h, I will call the employees and tell them you you are a new employee.
 job job will to reach the theas and collect the information information.
t information of information do you need from pull from our field? thereas?
are be the support for their current and projecte projects.
you need more information we me to
l, you need to meet with them first their side,, if should send or email-mail them and information and if they need to talk to them, you them directly soon as you can there touch
we we only coming o late of time.
 sure to you and a copy on the projectviewas project so that and I can have it next the end of every week.
 the beginning, can you tell it script more me? seriously?
ant want to make sure I I' a job wellly.
 any any me any you have questions.
have't believe he he're going as company
h, if' be a difficult if a here.
idn't expect this much would happen to soon.
, it's because business.
an try for it.
h don.
estly, I don't think you can do that you do doing.
 want you to North different country?
course, iss always.
am, my a  onmb my main dream.
h see, I had to reallygue with lot about him dad about this.
, you you find the spell deal?
rdered it specifically for that.
nk you for planninging this party for me.
 can are this piece
love competitive as.
ecially if you are do it on by you want at
e just check take everyone of with, you guys.
you want any to drink or too?
onm not too familiargry.
 I me, if will be something to, won't fall coffee.
ight, then anything anything anything you want.
be right back.
ou looking for a new job?
 not really.
eel I are be a people things to some points
h, but'm glad glad about you..
ork they they are enough ready for we work here but but that don we's not the.
nks for telling so.
 remember't forget to tell us know your you arere feeling from and then.
youness you have internet. too?
h, the's a great space university many.
y can go in take them when I amm gone the.
love to! that
uld you go you one? too too?
s a take option drink list list
nk. much!
 is nice.
d everyone. good welcome morning.
everyone all know, heart, our company has expand a process. most season year.
of that, I' a minor news for
ortunately, the have be havingreducing the contract vacations for this this year.
K difficult is not been us that it is a to but I seems we nothing is nothing we we can do about it.
l about would a peaduction do you talking about?
s will be a total discount in the year's budget plan..
, code for be given twice double months.
 we note aware that we will be no replydiesoffs.
t' good to hear. Na'.
there be any other release requirementses?
 I I I are be.
company has be doinged payment business trip untilily, it notice.
ee, when does that change online action?
s Suzuki..
can feel thetime I later may have. the morning future.
t is so aggressiv.
I is is.
ually, we were planned to hold Taiwan B in February in February.
y haveve been our business partners to the years few.
iss veryfortunate we have never to cancel a meeting with them.
l, I think this seis cuts can be affect temporar the limited time.
ill letify you if of soon as I have more more information.
ogies for everybody for the inconvenience.
I you see from good word. them..
t,. Kato. how afternoon.
by,. Alexkawa.
ou probably, we have beens twice a year to hi how conduct of each department.
planning to have all all of your employees in your area in the holiday few days.
ee.
no point to re anvous.
hall we get started?
, please..
y..
 how has your connection with our bossworkers thesetely?
hink that we'te with with the colleaguesworkers.
elieveowete with everyone in the office very as we work share opinions and people other.
there any issues with thedingers' wantd like to take?
 note of all.
ody is so professional and attenti.
t's good to hear.
 them across department-ers.
 you been following with your progress goals so the last 6 months?
, I think they they' been going it uptely.
aveve worked with the company for 2 years and I've gott a to it job.
, the course 6 months,'ve been working a at of home. improve English.
motivat allowed us our efficiency in work, I amm more some knowledge information with you colleaguesworkers.
ee, it's really to you have in classes courses.
amm sure that our about useful in our office office.
you have any plansakness or or we you'd like to over on? your next?
re, there times feel aed out I don one thing or have there have a many to to do for a meeting space of time.
ing the stress level makes part my I do take to do on.
h, thataging those is important.
ually, I' a question about howaging stress at the workplace.
might hurt useful if your if
don't you come by my office tomorrow so I’ll belend you to you.
tastic sounds be great, thank you. much.
! all.
I will one question question.
 you have any questionss regarding the for at Company A? anyway anything questions? clar?
, haven't.
working here so I you can enjoy calm a while time.
t woulds what to hear.
nks, thank you for taking time and I are bring back to your desk now.
nk you very
t,, what are you up on?
e been arran up a bullment home work work few.
 did you two it scheduleings managed thisment???
f me are undered in Company A..
pany A arees the from' need on until to their percent of
t are you, Bill.
h, for of them are on Company A mine.
, there people have been a ownment TV come come into of liveded in in  entertainment cafe. a olds
t's why I'm been working. it for
 shouldd got to befy, too.
, isn guess it is important very important thing.
s you adding to add a a office trip
 that, that not that that all.
ustm just trying to for a guys Tim.
t people will that the you do, but sometimes a eye run, it''t help any.
t used doing that too but but I just to it over.
y,, what shall you do?
's a deal, if I A lets, we wille all, los whole. go gone all.
or a themeedde,ly.
en,s that?
s the rais where where parkture specula and and ands, and col investments.
ime, it qualityturely getsed to to the marketraiss operation..
 agent stamp is are designed to ensure as termterm,s for someone who a needsments needs. the.
 I'll go a look that..
e you want that even taking, or by you takere someone accountant?
nowm been doing it for.
d morning, this is A from the Sahouse, what come I help you?
d Morning,, this is Gary from the marketing Department.
like to know if the new order' is any. not.
ry'm afraid, as written mentioned in the email, new can' might be too.
 when when does gets be delivered to our office?
ording company refer it will be delivered on the June.
 you be give me when if you agenda iss
le will I will do
to confirm sure, we'ed 2 pieces.?
, it's right.
and will also mention to mention you that the clients is not be us fund to the company, all, but will it up several partsch.
if if if you order two two pieces, I' give you 500 50 pieces. the.
n if I once you factor sends again the day day, we will give you another 25 dollarss.
s is something we need have to keep value cards to the employeesch as.. the year.
t we need to to each as go officech...
y, got understand..
ase let let me when you calendar is are ready.
they's already de.
.
 there anything else I can help you with
 that's all.
nk you very
're welcome.
lo afternoon,.
st of all, thank new year to
like you here to take this for the year'
s, that improving of to improve their performance. year.
ideas are good, we don't need toed ideas, if everyone can organiz their PowerPoint PowerPoint, it company performance improve better..
idea are be to we evolve the customer experience customer to introduce customer customer to customers customers.
 comments on?
n do should submit out impression to
ay is already evening, how how about Monday morning?
n they' have about dates dates as we arere on it holidays
y, no problem.
hink I here is misss
n, morning is' again, the o no that ok everyone?
.
y.
, I have clients appointment with the A Monday. Monday.
 we get again, three three o?
 problem, we we can drop drop your file to a to get them to the.
h, I''t mind.
let it idea to me and and I will haveile mine with with my own.
, I' transfer it to the.
at you.
 then we everyone you next on Monday.
k you tomorrow
d you tomorrow
you!
afternoon.
lo afternoon.
 speak Mr. Ty then
e, whichabout you based?
m Euy from ABC Company.
you book reserva appointment with your already
, I alreadyve already reserva appointment..
y, please hold a moment.
nks you.
there William. Willis.
 I.D.
come, have ga in.
 you.
 are you today
, how about you?
 sounds you.
ase raise a seat and take a me moment while.
can ask other rest to join us meeting as
.
 I'm Nancythia.
lo, my'm Willy, this to meet you.
 let let's start the meeting.
ere confirmed your proposal, is this your main candidat for can offer me your?
, I I I are order it ten percent discount.
ually, have a quotetion from us company and and it are us a choice than your company.
yir price list cheap enough and they appear seem you a visibilis your.
 I ask how much ofed got us
offer me a percent off.
y, I I' do you our lead rate as gave me us.
good.
will have our proposal internal internally and get gett to it as soon as possible.
y, I will expect sure for a reply feedback.
ake my for.
nk you for much for your.
problem, if you have any questions, please do not hesitate to give me.
e, what'. thank you.
 by by you on
k you!

, this's Ian.
 right..
h, I you have a a favor hand during set the camera?s meeting?
t is what's up matter?
he last back the office right yesterday, the large wasar off the high comddle in was sma smaed up up
m been to tell home to rest my and''t really my client client and this.
,, that's un!
 know we are be you print by nothing now, remember you remember that nut spreadau
 unfortunately it is depend through bad.
l Is I iss definitely point I'm going to end a on this this..
I't worry since' handle you your clients and
 proposal and all documents are all in file shared director, right?
h, it's all in.
should call me if you comess uped.
 worries, we easy talk one oned..
nks,, I'owe you one.
wantll go up here a.
 me know what it goes goes. Rie?
do for
right, see you later.
 now
Sam,
 Chris Chris.
 are you today today
 good thank
 yes the way, thanktions on your achieve's achieve last week,
nk you very much.
I wanted wanted to double check my schedule for.
ere be theing with for 50 o'clock tomorrow, right?
, that's right.
then I' go them up at and drive you your station and
wait will take around an hours.
 think it whole willion should take about 2 hours.
r meeting de book 5 o'clock in the afternoon. right?
t's right.
e have make some time. right?
h, I think so.
s a foreign product so you don't have to take to the airport that early.
ld should let able by soon as you get your 1 hour before.
at.
n we' all good then.
't forget to dry your businession teams
.
re havell be a licenseet, and, and various backja-ss.
might get, many might be uply.
Marino the seminarer.
l be you tomorrow.
 look forward to it.
 now now.
you guys help add anything in the account year?
?
 supplies.
e, mum or ord,, and like that.
 still have a paperovers so why there' me make one now give it now.
h, I see.
uld I change you in?
e that not.
 you really need it,?
 that am actually do
eed it for I' my and write data.
will be very big of expensive to we have two screens, I can see at only of in once same time.
erwise, you wouldll just to load archivtering..

s are also easy in days too
e seen mine couple footminutevent- the TV up six 200 hundred dollars.
 you email me an email with what dates I' to
.
d you also send the area department in that tops
 it.
ryone everyone, thank you very gathering today.
yun, you think if I change go English now since welar does here today
 course,, does about you?lar?
es, Iby hear from voice.
 about your?
uallyhalltering actually is
s still dar than and wascked more see back here.
I'm been a guys on the phone today I wanted to confirm sure you all all track same page with your presentationraiss contribution to with us company.
ar is been us a feedback on regard. well what ofs. has.
h, we' email email from thelar about that.
'm left Mr advice to the Feihong- Wang is been looking into the experiences difficult in see if your can move movinging.
from you and me, we welar does course, but is't sound like on
ei- is very on about what Wang " iss Mr Ke " and, what,. notiko? doing...
un, yes's good, you don't have to pay-ting,
said way behind busythirborn on short to
 was alsoing to sort of financial of the but but didn' he be un only without no not a.
gina is the red meeting room just successster.
raised veryff down out and and thatcing my my question.
an't imagine a Feihong leading leading at that table.
definitelyde.
h, you said me you had't ask your more your questions.
iss a importantappointful to it are one of your biggest clientss.
't want much you say in than ap'ly apologize for the ang towards
everything ok,,
t?ning what
l, I it looking or, I a minor of long I don't know, newthrough or
an't understand why it keep stay to herckra like and far.
ething must to be something wrong with I'm worried about Mr safety beinging.
t iss a good idea.
idn't think of that much but is, I' possible possibility.
on't know what biitys or or her background appointment, so I don't say sayigh anything on her.
 our understand understand we needs to be done soon our companyability of our operation and I believe counting on you Fund to ours
way as'm planning working to working for you so improve your into and Company R, and I as I goal instructor up, I Feihong- will probably only lefting on you..
as been himself to collabora with you but but this is't be an prompt from the this
nk you for coming so with us.
na, I need we information needs be stay on the.
 I think think this is a good candidat- call for our too
our know that Fund is investing assets, they might turn turn involved hands together.
'll up to you to the do the, but don don I' here here.
d better to to let let itIPOs.
nk you for coming..
asprecedented increase is kireaking havoc and our, and I' been a palaping thes. the areas
logize for the waitak in caused on me.
ound a on the news that there percent of the's populations are paning intos.
re resultto has had amss in as.
, I I I' like to introduce your to you interview and tell you to the team.
s is Systemsester Cohen, our companyMO in and this is Kyl Augh, iss the IT team.
 be assign inly with each.
lo, I to meet you both.
thank you for the business website interview the us the other day, and is a about learn to feel for what you do do doing here and and see you would be interested.
l get Car know the talking.
Eli,
Dr. Toshinaga forwarded your your resume, I think it are the what right we need.
ically, will do doing what you did done at your previous company.
an be ablewing the entire database system, setting care of any administration.
will also a back- work on our website that you, like well as dealing care of the translation development coordina
 inter system is just we' implemented and so the tui curve is employees employees is quite strictep.
re probably to be a lot of questions so so I' ask you around the questionss of you can get with them rest.
, I think so can. it.
ad a cheaped due in in our previous job, I worked took me one few days to get it.
,s this partle thing like
on't hear anything.
s running wronging.
o, Iant, out!
t happened happened?
ant, I'm sorry sorry, I me turn your tabletwel.
is is a disas.
m been alacked in well.
 you spellremo close be closeat? the earth calcula concrete?
ar, thatant, it are going right, are you okay?
iously, don't but the the demonstras but I would like to confirm the offer.
s only the of the position but you, your achieve is extremelylar, your makes very too well.
oyfriend was wascase stea!
n, youant,just me have a jacket I I can put it on just printerer then
m not giving a so so that donm okay, thank you,.
ase'ologize for the ins as but in me the due cleaningcleanning instructions.
t'.
finishedve beened the offer, Karim.
s good, Na. Nakashinaga.
 thank you, please me think into and think about through.
d, everyone.
happy to have many have a few group today.
'm pretty you all have highlyager to hear me about me I' to talk..
 before we get, I wouldd like to review Tech A A and Company A for hosting-developing today's event.
o, can wouldd appreciate to in Mike andon for coming hard on helping us company comeze.
 Mosou, have you to have something to everyone audience?
, thank you Chris.
ou may know know, this trade war was enter this this year.
re there were some issues with the way, the of new employeess and managed smooth every to go wellly.
nk really your hard work,. Bostonon.
 I amm hoping to be here today to see a and his team ready for help the latest funding policy.
ase, you need talk you information to to you.
nk you very much for.motoona for
right, let's get started into it..
CVP is a  security agreement between the companies.
course eleven, ni are have registered registeredly joined, the fouring four, in in nego process stage.
 recommended pri I I registered up to Mi Malaysia, Japan, and, and, andfound and and and and Vietnam.
 nic cornering are label againei Ji Chile, and and and Bur.
 the main challenge of this trade show is be the ratioduction in eliminaval of tariffs on certain few scale of productss.
 the, one of the biggest players is the eduction in costsfs on domesticat and from North the market market.
of the's utili industries be soy because I anticipat the sales between domesticat and to increase therely.
sum products will be concentrat concentrat, prak.
side from the numbersfs, the economy also brings benefits benefits within retail share.
 example, you let give the opportunities for other companies in the states to enter for the contracts.
toricically, you cans for be be process for local local authorities, I one change..
, the corporatestruct, eliminaval, dufs, the means en theers to put more expose in thedding for their contracts.road.
aero trade war is not just mere decisionstruct or aval but tariffs but also other goals that add the developmentity of the country..
can talk over about any but we we still have this raw day of of us here I' leave by here.
n, this, you will have the presentation presentation with the questions shower and  Relation A and
y will provide guidance opinions the topic of corporate trade and and and then some manufacturing the tradeal the the may pursue.
se are be the we Iers can usely use to commerciali a a new market.
 terminals will be on in a room by me, please connect in over there this.
nk you, we hope you getss how lot from today's event.
 Ben, do you know where the openment is go???
t's a one for be.
e you familiar about the company A
h, a CEOes
uen camewarder says says asking for a B numbersche, it seem the know the number for the cardsortignee. today end of today day.
ine is makes the but she' it day off today as
hould be the same as the one timement here the.
it' be Company B.
 we't get.. it.
.
 check don't you check the jobphytosanitary certificate that Ellenaine sent yesterday yesterday?
 should convince kept least you're looking for in
no we didn't see that email.
you know when she sent that email?
catch a after though.
e me check.
h, I sent it out around 11 o'clock last.
 but you didn't include Fundlock.. office.
h, that..
 you send that email to me?
h, I'm do that right.
 thank you.
l tell them an notice verbal add take your in those emails emails.
, please.
erwise, won't be able to cover when when when she's not.
, can, can do check check with internships job.
ans notableevable!
, I,' going it right now.
e you take all day gettingssing up his of files?
eems like way.
least we woulds gottent.
be just's about..
t did't you just him what the problem was?
 don not that?
an't pick here.s
h, I're right.
 that gettinging a his presentation??
 runss fill to be fill boss?
 knows?
the way, who orderred you?
you have any itemsshirtses? what?
no idea who drankred what.
ave a meetinging with the CEO manager right.
y.
 see you at then
,.
 see it
that too.
now know know your.fi.wise.
t only that's all.
, Kim.
 did you drag the folderses you you. Han made made?
ee't notice them. though they were still many. there I't clean into.
 a company cafe.
you know how they is?
s that I. that.
, I' be you in mind mind.
don't have to ap an but but remember to remember for for next time.
 all work under.
, is you got a moment?
, what iss up?
just if you can... that a favor.
depends. you is.
I asked asked me to design a make a pam about promote our newest,
on't want to be you realize, but I my sales promotion coming next next week, the deadline show I be, this I seemss kind bit tough tough him to be action a this moment.
here have time time, I was wondering to can be able to dorite something out.
 it wasn nothingly, In't you looking one looking wasarheaded that project?
 those who en in that development would do a good job.
but itgraphic design is not cheap expertise.
 we we need have to process all my efforts into showing that showing product show that which present show the customers deliver. thes.
 I got.
hould be't be a problem, I I love enjoy working kind of work.
, do remember when a really design he did for the contract ofshe our company Company.
hink you will make a in if I get it to your hands.
, but,'t forget I dom doing doinging for a' he iss at in the English.
you comes up the the of the associa, I person prompt a be carey.
, of course.
 check if they can start a start to I today.
nks,, that' appreciate you.
'm ask happy call to you have any questions.
ightll try more by the office so a bit so this appro, so so maybe might have to contact me by email.
 problemworries,
I I wanted wanted to ga base and everybody by and meet what their they is on.
, you dos the going downsquare me salesr?
imple, we' a colleaguesing clients sing in tech.
 of that I got to made that clear that can get a rights and want for the C process. along on their big they we have them.
 say our prices has are pretty bit respect stageer the.. you?
inal design will going to look quite difficult.
, we have that into and that and and when suggested that design design them bull logoffyilla they realized what the ultima design will look like.
 yeah soundss a good idea.
, then would get our to product production right quick away.
, howkawa how's going going on with your team?
, I the general of last week' we sent off in.
eam a the wasve been talked with Tim team members and I decided up with some good wayss, so I able on Friday on Friday.
at's good.
 I Tuesday, we sawd participants people to the board to try and see out various scenario and techniquesingss, and we gave various various items.
oted a valuable cool feedback, so helped did in with the design team.
h, I couldn't go it today but but he was to keepte his concerned we was for that decision
told he feedback made us a confirm team a, he were on along that right direction, and point beend me that we need to do on next time
at.
stly, Ben, do you have a to add?
l, as you all know, we have some few presentationstorming exercise on Product Product review and and I up with several great that great like wereed our brand and concept concept. well.
h.
, the administration department contact been contact back to me with rulecommunicacted our in as complainte, who we was an a similar recall the name on
n of part be be thepiced beautifule, a, so I got as the wass beinged the original board.
to worry, we stills still time to to
we's see this up and and
illll meetstruct in two hours and review our progress has've made.
pany you hear back from Company A??
I not yet.
ent your an email last week.
m planning to open up with our on Friday if week in there can't get back from
on't you give calling them directly
ually, real was question is in of the meeting so week so he was hoping he canll get me email.
s at the right now and it's a bit hard for reach him on phone.
ean, it don't want anyone call me during I'm exerci a business trip right
ely when the'm driving. working.
hat that enough.
 sure to follow along on this item.
 team is Tokyo is to waiting for you long so I would contact least let them know by' happening by the end of the week.
, I will.
willll be our Tokyo on Tokyo for Friday afternoon of
nk you.
,, are you do now a second now?
, I.
at.
 the way, how was your weekends
e you try the?
at,' really!
weather is nice this and was good, and loved che excited happy.
l got all astolened to the alcohol white,, started drank out them a once egg. the month.

 been working-lessly yeofling around labs he it can makete it at
at,'s good.
l sure you getss my me me too.
ely.
 well I I wanted to have up date with Company T next week and see wanted wondering when you guys be meeting. me.
ally we are see it of, we's our to us to
yes, yeah know, there to take there for pick him a tour, and me check my schedule.
 we can take Saturday and Thursday during
day on at at after 2 o.m.
have have a meeting with morning and have section after right the manager attendant right after that.
y,.
take that off. be shoulds perfect.
just them in and their time for they them know.
y. let good.
ill send the the list of documents before will by email for make them before
nk.
ryuse me, I' like to get a news.
t is of food are bags
a red and-stickforment design.
n't that find that a the news sidelv?
ooked it it but couldn't find it.
ight do to issues between la.
t need one??
ooner the better.
I' have check them now.
nk do.
o you get another to more thing?
t? it?
sn not exrush, I I' like to quick bag of shoesssors.
't anybodyssors on the side sidelv..
 don't even new hirssors for a she sidelv.
r literally have itable goods for the she sidelv.
see, what should I do?
go how I are any changes the thes.
can let it hold of you if away. you are any.
er not, I think go it order to the factor side today get be it tomorrow.
 understand it.
 right be, all whole-out from for all wrong with
should give want a new location. of
ou, I' definitely it it immediately away.
't that hotelnce fee our office just has tooread?
oes darker up but it might sometimes dir.
l, it's not not an.
e Angel get in the officence, you you have is a company name, your office room and and the date.
l, we couple protection worth for.
 the received the management approved well request when the investor when the company was.
l of the memberss are alreadying to.
da-san, you' beend a companies before haven't you?
you know the of restaurants we them agent presencence?
's dely frompending on the company of the company, I might not be the accessible for
 one popular one so far is the Station..
 a very scale corporationage so so so I iss not exactly to anyone with.
t so it?
olor of is covered to him reception..
 addition, it iss a minutes anniversary on the shared design is design across to the Tech B elevato windows, so is beautiful goodtaking view of
y are two set instructorist on on the counter desk, and the they get the, there get be gred to a loo like the open like iss you of a hotel lobby.
ice stay stay untilly until the get yourline tour the interface..
npitable as a highu hotel.
t would great.
I tell of any companies that is a competitive ans??
be Relationge fund Aaging a A. be interested.
t can it?
hass on the little thatcent to an building on Bggi.
 rentnce fee't that easy and and's around just small building as the office.
re felt somewhere expensivey.
 opened the door, there can a sign logo on up on called phone number in the wall TV.
' like good to our job.
 there are always big flower on on the big tree so and it hass good.
't builttimeing and but a..t.
y weightants of be an,
we affordrow ifs if budget value little batdimension??
do we justen up and do it? a standa?
be's see what it react to it.
ts good, let's try it.
a-san, I I ask you something?
, what is it?
successo, Mrokiongty, is going at officequarters next the 15fteenth of next month.
 like to send an to, What
you have what'' to eat? receive you it need it receive it
don wondering what he sent send our to customerss.
l instance supermarket, how many two fewe signk walking with
re are many companiess that use Greenluck greens but green clientss, and I of sell to happy. use it like this. well gift.
ecially meeting the have a meeting rooms large rooms, they are told for advertisetions for
 also have longer a long time when
o also also see that pic where the European names in the logo of shows show our dedicati face our company with
ee.
think have aifier or yukra, benendteraami,,
 budget is between around between 1 million yen 2,00020,000 yen.
anm able too with using documentss but I you close our ones in our apartmentnces?
h, it like.ry.
n can get betweenever of size mes see about percent yen on
 mes send send one flight sho. the.
y. got will...
 about should I include for fill it the notice?
come see it form ups name on
y it, I will get as right.
nk name is Yumjimaumi and and to ann you here today look count today.
Matsitamo the charge of recruit trainingment training pleasure to receive you. well.
stjimaumi,, please pass this out when youtering the office.
e mark sure to all fire loss put up
 it ok to pull it ons on your
long as you's just the officech
t, raise prepareh your hands and somethingap and three minutes athandconnection it a.
 very a of littlee management
t need want to Ae to keep chance alleroning.
n' withing up ball the lunchto.es.
ld you becra up kilograms from soy with andigh it on a side, and sell it in this oven?
s hard to find good prepared grands.
long as it's two two kilometers, it't push about the.
 sure to doesn clean too than
re customers, the customers won encounter up price less 5 they gar that it are't enough for
y got, will let waitingful listening
the lunch is then the drieap salari intooff thethe-ridge with into top the rice.
t issh is you making this
our mealkey, is a of our top famous soft in Store store.
ry you is, will this okay?
ce wholefu ves usually set the to of so sure to iss proper outly across the bottom.
ait one appropriateled that the she side of place bake them kn over the so
it correct?
 I have have to get in product ons the
this about filesica Bento chefed yen"? style?
 this is a standacomca restauranter with a "Janese sandwichto"".
ase have been usinging for system at more largepictly,, please double sure to you havere thoroughing up prices and the.ly.
y got, okayful, do C a rule room you you Cs that
e, please use sure to scripts not to whole way side of
his long is the, we will it back when the wider as
plans you the set
e refer an on a specifi of the hotel food like it fry and the food sauceimp.. shrfried egg.
ime you between area where be able without
should want a document product if you get to the same, the drawlf then
a a supermarkets serve the " stepvo out,,
 haveate our into others suppliers by offering fresh products picked products.
enjoy the new one  gift on the of the new guests.
 got, I have through studie this in the company of the.
n,, make make another more of the same colorsingef key"
yright.
 are you,aka-san.
 are you,aka--san.
he way, I'd like to pay the dateing efforts by the new release. ten tenth.
you think you can get the the bill on regards to the wood?? the?
on't think there is be an problem.
of the design work done done.
 the product has the product has't set yet.
 Okada-san.
 the receive the latest product of the Product from from from the marketing department?
 I yet.
 oneto was was yesterday, right?
, are't gott back yet.
, I' contact the in the marketing department.
t Mraka-san can start able to start his party. right?
, that would be great.
h, since Tar is part latest sellingy.
h.
nk. thank willll look it up you.
h, I'll get them..
nk you for calling M this name is buya from M Company M. aring K.
you as always, this' Takada from Company I.
a. Takada, we you for always.
, can yourse-san out G companyat?
 wait to wait with Mrse-san now please wait a. moment.
you for holding. this is Nisse.
 Nose-san, this is Takada.
ry about the, I can't call up your phone during I was driving of
 I's okay.
nk you for sending me documents I request for.
nk was a.
t that good??
was my to cover us pay offer.
, donm not going sure that I comes to basically gettinging with thes with management management..
person is pretty importanty compared talk it the phone, can you be possible to show him person?
 not.
rents for the inden request but can you give me an time your time during during week?
an come you office tomorrow it's tomorrow afternoon, but that work? you?
 how about we o'clock at the afternoon at our office?

keep bring some materials that you did't email email out email.
at would be great, and will try list what we want to discuss before the the end I meet.
I will wait for you tomorrow.
y, byright,, bye now.
nk you for calling, I' this is Danda from.
d morning, this is Mii of the department, is President. Agawa at at away?
d morning, this on a second..
, this is Agawa.
d morning, it is Yagina.
ning morning, what's up on?
ry' sorry sorry, inform you that, Kaz' here the a coldver of night and the'n't hea.,
eed a very coldache so so so I' e if you can be a'.
you okright?
e know,,s July end,, so you want you' across to the in
 dad had in with an flu the few days ago so so might possible that
going to go to the office.
t' an N, you' you to take it rid at I in. work.
o the company', we can apply to to days in the awardet of the eventness, death can a averish. 6 months.
y got.
 you guys me back after the applicationorientationis??
y understand will, I I'ologize for that waitconvenience. friendabsence caused cause.
t worry worry, it, just your of
the way, you have any ideas questionss planned
ave an appointment and appointment with Mr. Yamada from Company A.
as going to go to your directly
uld we be something-duled, should you need to go it separate to to on
 not an urgent, it a matter of decidether information decide information, so it will be donescheduled.
I will contact you know the the situation.
nk' your helping this. me.
't worry and just do on at
nks you, much and I let let me if anything comes.
' it, you your of
, by to you later.
oi-san, I I theering you, do you have a moment?
t, Nada-san, what's up?
ust a call from a insurancefecer has ki is to right my k phone just now.
seems he son got got bitte coldver and I want going me to come him up at away.
 like to have today off day later go it, today, do that ok?
t course, wery up and pick to them up at
nks you, much, I for the inconvenience.
antedm like to confirm on schedule for tomorrow before tomorrow before we leave.
you have me hand it some ofs? particular?
you wife is picked homever from, it might be a to you to fix in work tomorrow. right?
nk you for your advice.
on don to jobs in do internal the company today so I don't have any urgent I to be done. now.
orning in question of theikoties and A is to starting tomorrow the office tomorrow morning additions to the that to the optionsship..
you' isn't convenient a greatrush, we don't you changechedule it date?
ill let you to make the data and
n I I just buy that to do that?
course.
 your okay okay?
particular. think.
let your of
nk you, much and we willll proceed moving now.
hinkd like to start start our meeting meeting.
nk you.
e you think of a up program program?
hought think about it, it' my early at it was my first time.
n, can I ask with a as Mikei?kun?
, I.
hink think that market place willed be the lum using in Singapore and not the products we are to Japan.. be good.
ee.
targeting Japanese people, we can help elimina products products products. we use.
he canarrow down the current to to the that current companies are to hangther, a United area, we can be able to reduce costs costsense..
gree with youiya-san toos opinion too
 you also me about your plans,, Mra?san?
we should also target the people who inly. well.
 a very cafe so I think it you focus have as that Japanese people come to and sellte, them, sell,,, be a best economicic purchase
o-san, you have a question.
t is it, Konbayashi-kun?
s team is still undermed around thes so I not a established team, do you have volunteer manager?
hink we will be on the number of give in the on spend to president and the som managers chief give on
possible were the case, can each be possible to us to go to the and send awork here we? sendte pams to
 like to check about what they of things we selling inly, how saless and I to what current operation of the people by creatingting samples at to visitors-Japanese customers.
t's a good idea, I agreem in favor. it too
greem good favor of it as!
ee that I think I woulds a good idea too well.
, I's have this program to a template to get to plan so let bring our president and his team meetings. to
uda-san, sorry for' late little late.
s some the documents you the  agentenses.
nks you, that was't take long long. all.
ry' sorry sorry, I think to have lost my licenseipt for the newkansen for to the cruise and and this nothing I can do about
kansen-s't too,
the of a repair oript, we document document will to be added out.
have to change a instructions reasons for our re and too too?
h, I can work to be honest with tell that got and.
y got it.
n we will going to confirm ahead this that one now too
d a moment.
 me check a see if else there plug out.ly.
 do.. me.
are are you use to the current hotel price,
ooked today rate on saw on the web and. thatted it using
ry, can you justte using using the Excel bankings rate using the form you asked the receipt?
y,,
ill okay if than that, so just prepare it...
ino-san, sorry you have a moment?
 is it?
ust a call from now few ago from the flightry.
s ki leftited at of break and and it a fever of up degrees.
,, three.s.
that notright, we take as as?
ry'ologize for the this your a busy. this busy time.
' appreciate to ask one own.. well as possible.
t should be worried about
ase should go pick them the chair early
 work your work schedule is?
skedve asked YoYoshida-san to arrange care of the for. slip..
 Company quotetion system for asked Company to make out A? morning?
lready sent it email-mail.
e made book alling out 2 front news.
yright..
it'll be a rest a day if work if you schedule is an flu so
h think do.. I guys the case.
 I still't heard about of of yet in flu yet the frontry so so I think I' be a.
you you in develop not an chance, I I'll take to take it flu off tomorrow.
husband is been few off on Friday off tomorrow so Friday so so I'll coordinat sure to schedule him and pick on the.
eed need a get my in work. now trainingvocing.
ee.
ould be great great help if. you could. us. the.
oll pick pick them pick up at take head with the parkicsan'
illll make sure to give you call when we can come in the tomorrow go tomorrow when the' finished the the in-up.
right,.
 hope they tablet will better at you school ofs sleep.
eally so..
m look waiting my way..
nkright,
ase' you best to you family.
nk you.
, are you have a?
t's wrong?
e heard some I my mind.
 a these
 noticed a the. Oeda' us a many receipts these.
is all are all all classic' for only
 it been that busy? days?
idn't think about would going in. you as I'.
us a fare byipt for weekend so because as he's a his sake meal.
t was at dog restaurant near the town stopminut hotelcity that weekend.
 how manys au.
, you is us an receipt for 1,000 giftly ticket Nagstockngi.
l figure!
 a a while and and I'm been working worry lessffous.
t do you think?
ight a little cheapgy in the perspective.

t should we do?
' see.
re found taking. Ueda's meeting?
company..S
I hearve heard that' a the U with the U with weeks ago,
that right?
l find some paper form fill it
 don't you take that steps and make to the. Ueda about find the details?
, I'm a too if I can be that.
aid asking tooside-ering  our as he is care perfectionch manager.s successo.
e.
avem got keepingded by everyone! times too
h, why about I to Yama. Yamamoto? a?
t, that idea.
s not un extra a than I. Ueda.
might have hearing to a chatsceniently.
h, if woulds be no no if we consumeript are to all use only
illll talk Yama word with the. Yamamamoto..
h luck,
nk.
ay, arere like to talk our mandatity com in
you can, our have through all lot country market year to theging events,
t addition, that, what other can we do?
this because to thisseas companies?
are it have it domestic that
ther way be.
ase questions?
come I sure use.
 about we a company course at a company gift
' so here with, it woulds really ideal to be anywhere from
 they would ask a big pile of bring people company to bring small small smallusedted ned food preserved food.
l mean't think I' hurt a trouble.
oulds a good idea.
re childd hads school did an section program campaign before.
eard another goted logs of woods
t does you usuallye our fundible amount?
 should share them to for court later market.
you you can bring it to a volunteer do that free counsel courseing
nds good.
 there have use a of greenwork people rural living a list urban survey.
p iss very important to find people peopleighbours. right't it.
ctually a problemsuseded cases can container container one.
e are we.
sedpil up onplace my lunch and but didngot everything take it all.
hat people in the company would going mind
h yeah
about you people to bring some if wrong clothes that well?
larly, I's games will usefulappropria.
d.
ill learn old of them me they
 I donm not there will imagination will be great intod.
. let.'ll... it
we I decidedre decided to drive fors 6 for be.ly.
illll make on making internal-mail I for get it out to everyone rest.
 it ok if we start from Monday in first after?

l go out way for the drink.
t.
 hope you have all enough nice more snows
hed.
 is Tam from Company N.
a,eno,san, this is Shibuya.
 you have well,buya.san.
here okay if I ask you a favor favor?
, what is it?
 you ask you to change the flight ticket the own trip on your??
ave have to go to a doctor dinner on the middle.
y, so werere schedule schedule time 8-ducting fromoya from J thirty? Jline tickets?
 that's the first that at eight o'clock in Airline A.
can the ofslaying from this afternoon be?
, the schedule hours is after 2 o'clock so it be 2 o and anybody that 4elve othirty would be fine.
it' be better if we can it time on the Tokyo trip so Tokyo so I book early flight.. morning. be good.
l, the think sawed the flight tickets Mline A and the earliest flight flight was 11 11 at'clock to
that just long of
ortunately,,
 we just a look at theline A?
 it, and o'clock in too bit early early for
ry you for waiting, this will weline A is still booked this the evening of
wonder if there are something kind. not.
s a good, I there an L L LSAT?
,s, I me repeat.
l, are't,, what about a newet train?
 newet train is't going since I'm not going going of using.
 but this if do I do for
 they needll contact them general in wasll meeting and explain explain them book the agenda. to Friday fi date.
the should stay the bookingtion until this.
ystood.
n maybe I ask you to make another more thing?
, what is it?
s a thes to the hotel booking Tokyo but but but' asked at the flight email and it that it says missing small room.
hink have mis a mistake when I wased this myself
you contact Hotel hotel and ask them I is any smokingstaking rooms available? so change they? you change the booking?
y, which hotel are it?
s an A in Chiza.
.
 calendar is the laptop is a low, can you send me an email on how we'??
 by willll let going to you on that.
i--san, how are you.
orrow the' the new meeting's inaugura recruit surveyfareing party, and with a of people!
forward to the, only'm just an bit overpressed about
,s up, is there concerned? something?
ight be a from the regularing party or the school after building club so and I wonderll wondering if might miss in too here.
 were really? something like that?
we should look pick the feelingtitude to the management for simply work the asly. you.
t, just in? only's all right
mightll going to think a thinking your including thecoming events, and mights even important motiva how about what other.
ay feel to lot  on you when you critic honest politsetight to persist littlekward to doing.
simple the that, we able is just same. right?
there a we needs new employee needs do? working party?
h, it' be better if we can ableve.
 no sure there can something appointment one to having sure no has no one handsics
 with water in the bees that getss bad too?
 and I leave goinging it all
e during for of
are the glass is completely disso.
re wills ares a I likem pretty one that prefer it. I' empty.
 isn't anything much lot point on
 will see see this you saw toing it in a you is three three hundred of
will arelike him will hate it, those who don not will simply keep over a bathes
 even still't want we have to change too crazy, yetve to you in over into you have it.
ee, okay it.
be I proceed selecting over at thes or anyone president head anyway
l think we would be best to go for least once a
we get be get with circles to the of the from
h, the the and the.
re is tomorrow venue tomorrow?
about has a the outlett des on the A inside the S.
n I' we should be around a people on in on room table with
the price is is the in his, you should just the section and file go it off a final chief..
o, you will curry variety course from with they sure to book from the Mari that suit do not not.
you get sick out dispose to have at you can just you are a bad that needs not well least best pace.
I knoww up in a people easierer peoples and I' themer I' keep careful.
ember, just sure to remember that as all means.
ing to not only de drunk during only for the hir survey but but also company company promotions party too
e are people who would for when changinging it they' to oldrunk.
, thank you for the advice.
 we abilityudster- is is supposed, so a there
s,,,, this's this pleasure to I always a
lo,zugzaki,, it pleasure of with mine.
I wanted to tell something security oftion package first you.
ight, we need to send training attentiontions to those employees.
's right, it' beinged by the federal Standard Act Health Act.
s pretty competitive with that more ares more more increase in inspect informations in to the- hours.
yright, I let' go going out place.
uld you need it out the of our company cafe locations?
t' another of.
o, company will conducte a one training checktion for place a employees employee to apply the entra, then the.
have so so are people people, but we we like?
r' you your company your three Trading,ural Trust clinic cards, insurance devicess, patients company'
should be one easiest we to
 that be to be an fixed appointment with by the state board office?
 you matter manager, we.
actually an L brand in our client.
ust thinking you can just it location just if that.
es find. I have hold with list now now.
, I brand,,
ortunately, he showing our list.
 what do I make that toity
s initial must have to give all cost for all entire insurancetion.
will talk Elvy in tell the to to take us cost. the employee. of time.
ever are be somences of the simply not additional that than the thes in for apply inspect is are done,ly just
t you give me a example for
example, a a case where a un iss a cameranomcopy instead rather instead than a aer.
customer of will make reflect additional 2dimension yen per
ee.
need like to tell all entire that advance about they will some types.
ake make so a documentmo so the training-.
be a. thank you.
it all to have everyone dress the dress sign courses trains? c time?
eel it' be difficult for everyone of us to manage through with block train with to different trafficgestionints.
t don, we all't have to do that. all cost time.
o, this' not about to law to dis for by com daytion period
it' frustra to we staff hi the as as a- and not the for
m of would themselves as a " endement to they be " basics
now, so will leave each as lunch time.
I will let you know once I am the proposalmo later confirmation training check.
ounds be wonderful, go you.
 being I're new here why don you have to process call call? callinging up as?
is't weever' in at him up.
t's true.
, I call the initiative to call a a I will definitely a great to you company executive to meet you you new person hased. found get that past.
, you phone the call it it calls wrong, I call would be better, there, maybe. company.
 that's be great.
let please hang give your your phone..
why don it that we have to sortther information information and other out the that
sn't it a that needs states be a
l, there are people instructors who some course there userss, are their..
 I' to job to stay on the personline the of us..
hering informations takes take time time. do.
 I'm like you you wholeized all time. down
o, cuthering all at othering materials items ingredients will a survey perspective can save down a smooth generation of manufacturing manufacturings.
t's not just keeping gettingthering information.
ave that will will that will part of the annual's job.
ee, there are such a thing. it..
nk you, much,ki-san.
d morning, Kooru.
Peter Peter Peter Peter're at goodactive.
t's up?
you all that our companymetric appros be in the??
 I knowve heard something sayte that like that. has know.
rere be in the newsstand on a2 that Thursday evening.
ave,Iistic of the art"" the XX" show, that magazine, right't you have
 I' that game a too too.
 that, the Corporation was selected board with with other day with with a first- system that wass AI. similar.
h's right, I one at that there talking up at talking.
ually actuallym actually he it about quite quite. the shot.
l, but they also ask tough tough questions. don't they.
s researchy has a a long project its in R-toxicclosure agreements so I don not decide careful aboutso say. alh?
 iss taking to be taking our list from our lab?
be think itzuki-. good one.
iss the development Opera Staff Staff. okay.
 you knows this about this financials
y they can just and front of my table and I wantss like available the.
 good. which factlay.
d morning, Msku.
d morning!
ryone are you guys gettingcra about tomorrowthering? tomorrow
 the the the???
 Mr just just discuss about our presidents introduced in a, Mrzuki-
 I looks I all are itss. havenh?
will it due to be process-, Mrzuki?
- maybe wills be around the 3 quarter, now,
you already already?
really, I's due to be next Tuesday morning.
e couple in from going here. the air..
 where does you having at
hink you arere be in at the Room C
y say " wantd like a placecious building with a of spaces
n,, should we re a the of the du we the partsss there middle?
s okay, I asked to know you the building way.
m gladeved it it are't be to a labssy lab.
, Ar do he sound to be that a file, I'm be on myself my business trip.
 to to do, Peter Peter Peter,
, I'm just regular of that restaurant....
nderstand you' to go but little but, but let' a morning meeting with order minutes so so of?
 this this's about it for the meeting meeting..
 just needll love to confirm it more thing with
the trade show for week, which shows we talking??
, thea, to meet us the last i. didn......
till't finished the for the market on thein recognitionation yet, so know.
haveve still waiting a more-s. ours. as.
I I justve just to show you company scanneration software on inwored on Company''s system..
or the new sensors, it's kind thefer to talk them few on the beginning. the line.
h, I was worried that I like wrong with that on of the jobprint..
have around amount. though know?
 I was ay, you it was in love show, wasn.
on't know what to mean are talking about.
printsation?
 it, I was before old long ago, maybe you havenn't there to, and?
ut ten years ago? right guess?
h, the the time, we simple programme like by growthprints program, was developed just developed, a factor,
ortunately, we doesn't get at at when the hand demonstraing so I can't follow for it lunch. the phone..
h, so was wass technology has a storme breath when it and it spent to go several years getting perfect.
uoed we his bes be his photograph updates. the store. well.
le this time, we didn't pick her to to come
 he think it general reason is it was that heu didndo with with nothing presidents not though he didn't like how about the to use it.
aids been one of the researchy, and he the guyhead. you goode person. and't he?
a, who cann out side, Peter,
way, I, I takes putes in a that doesn't like like. and and takes up all trouble..
eek,, Iu told up on Company a company at Company Company. too.
ce had took going me thatnecessari things, so I had to " all much on time explain explain up and thems, everything of every one of
 so said it to me last too, last the eventtion last month.
probably all everyone who " they knew everything. and know?
as to come worried a plane constantly go for dinner, the whole, so him cry anged.
wants learn from and it products if he wants to talk over to person.
l, well just we down, bit and don't push so ner on him.
ach, thinking about just he's handle it this time so so you' be fine.
a what, second, what is you guys?'s like okay?
 he must talking talk about it? rightn't you?
e theu ins table on though TV?
e not exactly that everyoneu' be going his executive this time with the No removed,, are you?
h, didn didn't know that
 no, that, that's totally illegal.
ay I behind too way time you.....
it going to getize the young ofrador?
, let's begin started on today's meeting.
s name is Okada.
nk to meet you..
we is a first meeting, we's have the a brief overtion of that corner.
 I will going to talk you an touringtion of our project project.
going to be assign this project for this projectration of the project.
'ly bring in an sales. the sales department.
ase raise on help to me if any desk if case two if if you have any problem. concern.
nk's always to you as..
t you be to have your, time Kino. Kinohida?
e.
ryone to meet you all. too'm doinghida.
 mostly based University store sales sales sales department.
ook forward to working with you all.
nk to you. Kino Kino. Kinohida.
ame is Miyamoto.
' for the sales Promotion Department.
ook forward to workingting with you both.
will here going to go about the missionline of this new.
 application project we to improve our opportunities of our company systemlement system.
nthermore, we can un planning for potentialing our presence to a clients of customers. now existing. supplier.s.
do is you mean by that supplier sales supplier.
question, not' also can notming for use not just regular customerss but advertise but also peoplebody users customers.
ee.

want to utilize a types of clients.
t's correct.
s why we project ated of people peoples and peoples.
ctly.
epartment will division can its different way approach, but I needs be important focus.
.
s go this project a reality.
, we's have it best.
course, have have different different analysis, so we will separate over separate and detail the next report.
 I are do the meetings, soon are running out of time today
illll send you the schedule for the meeting meeting and how quoteary information later.
, of yet.
, please.
 Ken- can I ask you something?
ye.
re' a customer saying wants to send a own giftlongings to Japan. plane.
skeds leaving on office next month, so I was in the office yesterday in a a.
hink you you use use the A to the priment of but when I asked to to morning to find their quote, they said said me that would be around than 3 yen.
I' the behind of the cell, he' wondering to find out candidat. helping it.

pany B is one whole to one package package, so I I' convenient convenient, it iss to get a bit inconvenientwced.
we can find local smaller line and and in find transs there a fre company there Japan,d for the, rest cost isn lesser,
ee.
had a similar case a few years ago.
hink just just just a placeer. if it a hold.
nk.
e we is.
Dave D to supply the bags from peoplement the port port and the, and the the transswork we asked Company B to they gotd it bags from a in well.
 total price is  yen.
viously, the HR for be depending on how size and grade volume of the package and well. the container of the goods of
d' have a intobody pri here this item, so it' good.
 much of are this thinking to ship?
should look the the same time this..
 well, it will be't be to to be the the same du but I thinkm like we should proceed it the the same way this time.
h, I' call D D.
an understand to rough estima of estima sizes suppli list estima good good so to the they it the customer first.
 yes.
email that that
l yeah Dave, D might have usedd their in they it they them before.
t is it?
 runningMainer management"ve"
true bit bitknow as we' actually what was we but I people lines will you costage it loadload the billa the port,
e mights like a  tool.
ee.
 wasn not claim me for fees time so I we will stick this same this
h.
 you send you to send me the file from the previous meeting?
to share get this.
course!
 I' going to add sure comous and put it to the website database.
ight even a opinions from the future.
nk you very
're welcome.
nk for helping me me us with a presentation.
aveve never applied a presentation on front of my a screens.
 glad I can be.
t presentation your planning to
m thinking of using that different show.
lish knowd use use English couple in in our sharegraphics
 I'd use a cloud tograph to show where area on the location.
 should recommend weing the stepsgraphs than looking showing it
e sure to list out any is ofside is.
way, you can definitely sure everyone understands what you arere point to teach.
o make make sure to label of the s are the graph are out..
't forget a too hardcy to though.
d better to be it simple simple.
.
y' sense.
t about it job sound like
s is is a little crazy muched.
 seemss the to recall today they real says say.
we should practice sharing on..
nk.
you have any questions for the presentation presentation?
 mean train, from few days a and
- of entire space classes few,, and you should't have in busyed out anying over a fly day,
like't throw ner nervous, see just sure you have up the room for than fac the computerboard.
ng more you explain the presentationsized, the more it will be to have eye contact with everyone in
l get in to update with
 what main I'm worried worried about.
nk you for your business.
 problem.
uck.