ill be teaching you how to conduct research today.
e just searching online?
 and no.
st of all we need to make sure the sources are legitimate.
no blogs or editorial?
ctly.
 first place I would look at is government websites.
y typically have accurate data that is trustworthy.
t other websites would be good?
 can also check out major institutions like banks, accounting companies, and market research companies.
 those?
y are well known and typically publishes good market reports.
 some market reports aren't free.
stick to the ones that are free.
t if it seems the report is useful?
 can consult with me then.
 a lot of the research you will be doing is preliminary research.
it won't be presented to upper management.
ee.
ld there be cases when we would purchase market reports?
will need them when we conduct detailed feasibility studies.
se will be presented to the upper management so we need to show that the information is validated by professional third-party companies.
 it.
Ben, it's nice to see you again.
e to see you as well.
iness has been good?
s been a bit slow with the holiday season but that's normal.
in thank you for coming in today.
anted to discuss the proposal you sent me last week.
, the one regarding the market research.
eviewed the contents internally and felt that it wasn't quite something we were looking for.
 you be a bit more specific?
were hoping that the research will cover more topics in depths.
 it basically covers information we already know.
e you expecting more field work like interviewing companies?
t's correct.
that's the case, the cost structure for our service would be different.
it won't be a flat price?
will be a combination.
there will be the base price plus a monthly retainer fee for the duration of the field work.
o, travel expense and a daily meal allowance would have to be covered as well.
ee.
 about you give me another proposal with that cost structure so I can discuss it with my boss.
h I can whip that up quickly.
hink I can get you a revised proposal by the end of the week.
t would be great.
ase send it to us as soon as you can.
l do.
l, thank you for coming today.
nk you for the opportunity.
s is Ben speaking.
Ben this is Dennis from Company A.
 hi Dennis.
 have you been?
e been good thank you.
n was the last time we talked?
hink it was around two years ago when we renewed your insurance.
right.
 I'm calling in regards to that.
is it time for a renewal already?
t's right.
ust wanted to ask if your sales volume will be increasing in the next year.
t will factor into calculating the insurance rate.
 mean for our export business?
 that's correct.
l, we are doing around four million in sales right now.
anticipate that will increase to six million next year.
you think we can get a discounted rate?
hink so.
 guys haven't had any insurance claims since you started.
you guys would be deemed low risk.
hink I can get you guys a lower rate.
t would be great.
l get back to you next week in regards to the rate.
nds good.
nk you very much.
dbye.
 now.
this is Bruce.
 you come to my office?
, I'll be right there.
 wanted to see me?
h, have a seat.
 actually doing a presentation at an event and will need to introduce our company.
s happening next week.
as reviewing the presentation you made for me earlier this year and realized that it needs to be updated.
e I can do that.
 you check if there's a new version of the company presentation from the administration department?
h, they usually post new ones on the internal website.
l check if they have an updated one.
re's also some changes to our assets since the last presentation.
ht, there have been some changes with selling off assets and acquiring companies.
l send a list of changes for the presentation.
t will be helpful.
you think you can make me a draft by the end of today?
hink so.
s just adding and removing content so it should be quick.
at.
 me know when you finish.
h, I'll send over a draft as soon as I finish.
Sam, can you do me a favor?
e.
eed you to arrange a meeting with someone from the government.
there a specific person you want to see?
 looking for someone that can give us advice on subsidies for research and development.
ant to see if there are any government programs that we can use for our project.
hink there might be some government-run programs that provides grants.
now someone in the government so maybe he can direct me in the right direction.
l leave this to you then.
 to see if you can arrange a meeting for next week.
even the week after.
y.
 will be attending from our side?
will be Ben and myself.
ually, maybe you should join too.
ce you are the one arranging the meeting.
y.
ill keep my schedule open.
ways, I'll let you know once I can confirm this meeting.
 me know when you do.
 show it to me.
 what do you think?
, it's working.
you did this by adding that?
, I had to run it through a solution and then heat it though, otherwise it won't emulsify.
s maintaining its state.
goodness, you finally did it!
s is a technological marvel.
l done, Ken.
m so proud of you.
nk you.
was really long and laborious.
need to patent this.
e you done it before?
 never.
 this is going to be a great learning experience for you, so do it.
re do I start?
l email you our patent attorney's info.
 before that, talk to Karen about searching for existing patents.
 need to search thoroughly to make sure nobody has the same thing, or even something similar.
 Karen about the criteria, she's done this many times.
 and how long is the filing process?
l you need some studies for proof.
you have the experiment log?
s really scribbled and all over the place.
l, maybe you want to run another one with a clean slate, might as well to be absolutely certain this works.
 long will that take you?
on’t know, about a month?
 to do it in 2 weeks.
will file for all the applications as well so you have to start cracking on that.
, there is a lot to do.
efully we can get this filed by the end of next month.
commute today was horrible.
what happened?
 train that I usually take was cancelled without notice.
t sucks.
 did you get to work then?
ad to take the bus.
you can get to work by bus?
h, but I have to transfer three times.
t's not fun.
h, the bus is always full by the time I get on.
 I can't sleep because I'm scared I'll miss my stop.
e you thought of driving to work?
now Ben drives to work.
hought about it but the parking is too expensive.
 much is it?
s around four hundred dollars a month.
 that's expensive.
s, you need to fill up on gas on a weekly basis.
hink Ben has a parking pass issued by the company.
what, how come he gets one?
ts me.
 can ask him!
ill ask him now.
 Ben.
?
 the company issue you a parking pass?
h.
y issued one because I use my car for work.
 I get one too?
 you sure you want one?
 do you say that?
ving to work isn't as good as you think it is.
re's a lot of bad drivers and pedestrians that jaywalk.
 actually thinking of returning the parking pass and just take the train to work.
 is that right.
h, I would give it another thought.
, yeah I'll think about it.
this is Sam Lee from Company A.
?
 Sam Lee from Company A.
 right.
 are you doing?
 good thank you.
ust wanted to see if you got my email yesterday.
yes, the one about rescheduling the meeting tomorrow, right?
, that's right.
id see it, but my computer has been giving me issues all morning.
ry for not replying your email.
not at all.
I wanted to ask if we can reschedule the meeting tomorrow to next week.
 actually attending a conference in San Francisco next week.
 I'll be back on Thursday night, so I'll be free on Friday.
ld Friday work with you?
, that would be perfect.
 available any time on Friday.
 does ten o'clock sound?
t sounds great.
 you send me a new meeting invite?
, I will send it to you after this call.
nks.
nk you very much for changing the meeting on such short notice.
worries.
l look forward to the meeting next week.
e here.
e you have a nice day.
 too.
 now.
a, make sure to register for the Food Expo this week.
y’re offering 30 percent off for registering 6 months in advance.
e thing Eric.
now your team has been anticipating the Food Expo all year.
t's so great about it anyway?
t do you do there?
a nutshell, it's a chance for vendors of food items to pitch to restaurants, hotels, and grocery stores.
, it's so much more than that Lisa.
re are exhibit halls, expert-led workshops, culinary demonstrations, and so much food!
 get to sample everything for free!
n each night, they serve drinks, and it's a big party!
sure sounds like fun.
e sure you don't forget to work!
we work.
get a lot accomplished, and are able to build lasting relationships with prospective clients.
 first morning, everyone is tense because they've spent the last few days preparing their booths and setting up their products.
n after the first day, everyone walking around, people are ready to cut loose.
s is when the real rapport building happens.
ryone has their guard down.
gives us a chance for genuine communication with prospective buyers.
ually, last year I was able to close the deal with Fast Food Burger Chain A.
 they use our cheese exclusively on their cheeseburgers.
t's awesome Eric.
t are your goals for this year?
have decided to launch Product A this year.
efully, this will create a lot of industry buzz.
re having a hands on demonstration that is quite entertaining.
many young employees are hired this year.
 many millennials if you ask me.
 has it been having them work for you?
s definitely an adjustment.
 know they are very different from our generation.
has been a learning experience for me as well.
iously, the millennials have different work ethic.
ight sound a little judgmental here.
 they come off a little bit entitled and lazy.
ee what you are saying.
 generation is willing to invest our time and effort in order to build our careers.
were generally committed to our jobs and the companies we work for.
, that's what I have been doing for the last 25 years.
 the millennials don't seem as committed as we are.
y tend to leave for new opportunities after a few years.
ir priorities are different too, right?
seems that they wanted something that benefit them in the long run.
h the bad economy and the job insecurities the millennials have experienced, they don't expect things to stay the same.
that the reason they tend to switch jobs more frequently?
be, but I could be mistaken.
 ones we hired this year seem pretty decent though.
gree with you.
eed to accept the fact that they are totally different generation.
 I need to cut them some slack.
ave supervised Marissa and Caleb, and they work really hard.
m just afraid they will leave us in a few years.
t's my fear too.
y are too good to let go.
t's another thing to consider.
have to figure out ways to reduce turnover and increase employee retention.
s that mean I have to be the coolest boss to make them like me?
 don't have to, but it probably will help.
 you just have to be you.
 are a great role model for them already.
nk you for saying that.
 let me get back to being an awesome boss and help those young people.
was nice chatting with you.
re almost running out of copy paper.
 I didn't notice.
l order now.
you think they'll come this week?
eed to print out lots of things by weekend.
y usually deliver the next day, so it should be fine.
 I'll double check when I order, just in case.
reciate it.
 you also order large envelopes together?
e.
thing else?
 that's it.
 it will be done soon.
nks.
use me, Mori-san, can I ask you something?
, how can I help?
ld you check my e-mail letter to the client?
, here, I think you should change the word order, like this.
, it’s so quick.
sed copy-and-paste short cut keys.
 can press control key and C to copy, and then paste it with control and V keys.
 short cuts are useful, aren’t they?
 type e-mails so fast on the PC, don’t you?
an send text messages on my mobile very fast.
 are in the smartphone generation, so you use flick input skilfully.
an’t see small letters on my mobile screen without reading glasses.
 you can zoom in on the letters on a smartphone.
now, even so, I can’t see the whole picture.
 my finger catches two keys at the same time, so I prefer to type on PC.
no longer use laptops in my family.
.
d morning, everyone.
ld I have your attention, please?
nk you all for coming.
's get down to business.
 goal of this meeting is to talk about reducing paper consumption in our office.
x, what's your opinion on this?
hink it's a great idea.
spent more than 10,000 dollars on purchasing printer paper last year.
t doesn't even include printer ink, paper clips, and folders.
would save huge sums of money by going paperless.
also dedicate too much storage space to paperwork.
, that's exactly what I was thinking.
ncisco, do you have any other thoughts on this?
 advantage we haven't talked about is the environmental benefits.
ll produce less waste if we start saving our paperwork digitally.
t's also something I wanted to work on.
t do you think, Adam?
will probably be hard to go completely paper free at once.
hink we'll probably have to take baby steps.
h division should manage their paper usage since they all have different needs for documentation.
could probably start by having everyone save new paperwork digitally.
n, someone could convert the old paperwork into digital copies.
hink it would take a lot of work in the beginning, but it might help prevent papers getting misplaced in files.
t seems like a good idea.
l meet with the tech team to see what our options are.
ll need to evaluate different softwares to see which will work best.
n we can calculate how much the implementation and training will cost.
hink we can discuss these details further next meeting.
l go ahead and bring in someone from the tech team to show you the different software options.
at meeting, team!
, it's been a long time!
 Keith, yeah, it's been ages!
 by the way I heard your proposal got approved for that large-scale project.
, you've heard about that all ready?
, Mr. Brown was talking about that the other day.
gratulations!
 thank you.
s amazing that you got recognized from Mr. Brown, the section chief with a heart of stone.
h, what if he catches you calling him that.
right, Keith, you were in his project team before.
, he might look somewhat intimidating, but he's an able person.
t's one of the reasons I feel a bit nervous.
l, I guess, it's a pretty big project, too.
ave to draft a staffing plan by next week, get approval from HR, aghh, I already have a lot to do.
ax, Yui.
k, it'll get much easier if you run it by Ms. Yasuda in HR beforehand.
 you should be careful if you do overtime when you work under Mr. Brown.
nks, I'll try my best.
l, I guess I shouldn't even be here having coffee.
, you should also refresh yourself with a chatty coworker, right?
yeah, speaking of taking a break, are you super busy on Friday?
's see, you mean the 19th?
l, I really can't tell, depends on how far along I get tomorrow.
t about it?
you can get off early, how about I buy you a drink and toast to your success.
, I like that idea!
you don't mind going to a cheapie place like that Spanish bar at the corner, though.
sn't matter at all, I'll push myself to get the work done on time.
uld I LINE you when I'm done?
on't check my LINE very often so I think a text message to my mobile is better.
on't really like that massages get marked as read, and these makes you feel like you have to reply right away.
 Mr. Brown always uses LINE and he sends messages with stickers, too.
way!!
iously, he does silly things sometimes.
h, why don't we ask Mr. Brown to join us?
no, that is too much of a challenge for me right now.
s quite a nice guy once you get to know him and I think it'll help you when you work together.
l, let me think about that.
way, if you can't make it, can you text me ASAP?
 got it.
lo, I’d like to buy your English publication called “Japanese Auto Parts Industry”.
tainly, you can pre-order the latest edition at the moment.
n will it be out?
 the 1st.
y, how much is it?
,000 yen per copy including the consumption tax.
undred thousand yen!?
.
 is it so expensive?
on’t know why...
ry but I’m not in a position to answer that.
, we can’t afford such an expensive book.
 can browse our back issues at the National Diet Library in Nagata-cho.
 okay.
ay have a look first and then decide.
 you send me the brochure for now?
course.
 I have your address, please?
s Research Department, Company A, xx-xx Akasaka, Minato-ku, attention to Murakami, please.
Problem.
ht.
nk you, bye.
nk you for your call.
rall, our company is focused on meaningful innovation that will improve people's lives.
nk you for your attention.
ave a few minutes to answer questions.
, you in the back row.
t's your name?
 Takahashi.
 often do people switch roles in your company?
your employees want to try something new, is it easy for them to switch teams?
course!
at question, by the way.
a company, we strive for innovation, so we want to make sure our employees are inspired.
s means that we are more than happy to have people switch teams, but we try to keep everyone on one team for at least 6 months
long as the change isn't disruptive and the employee continues to produce quality work, we certainly don't have a problem with it.
t question?
, you over there.
lo, my name is Mizuno.
as wondering, what is your favorite part about working at Company A?
nk you!
nk you for your question, Ms. Mizuno.
s hard to pick just one thing!
ould say I really enjoy the people and the environment.
ryone works hard, and it's very motivating to push myself and further my career.
e had so much personal growth since I started with Company A, and I'm very grateful for my time here.
an't imagine starting my career anywhere else.
son in the front row can ask the last question.
t would you say is a missing skill or need you're looking to fill right now?
ht now, I know the marketing team is looking for more people who have a good, fundamental knowledge of social media marketing.
ortunately, this is the end of the scheduled time for this presentation.
nk you again, everyone, for your interest in our company.
you brought a resume, please hand it in up here.
l stick around for a few minutes if you have any further questions.
e you heard about the new project starting next month?
, about starting internal newsletters.
t's right.
will try to offer the information on technology trends and new researches every month.
can talk about any technological fields without limitation, can't we?
, as long as those fields are relevant to us.
ever, I appreciate it if you could get information on the fields where we focus most as the company.
n, we'd better look at something related to smart appliances.
rect.
 technologies related to washers and dishwashers are pretty good.
be technologies for TV too.
ase keep an eye on the areas related to entertainment such as TVs and audio systems.
o, it would be great if you could include some info from our industry-university collaboration with M Engineering University.
 advanced technology researches at M Engineering University are very interesting.
now.
 is it in terms of the confidentiality?
long as it is included in our collaboration contract, we can share it within the company.
d to hear.
as worried about that a little bit.
for the volume, I think 10 pages are the max since everyone is too busy to read a lot.
gree, people would lose interest if there is too much info.
e heard about making the English version, but is it happening too?
this point, we will only do Japanese.
we try to make the English version, it will take more time including the time to find translators.
ould like to make our current goal is to publish them regularly.
ee, it is not good if we run out of gas by trying to do too much at the beginning.
ht.
 priority now is to establish the existence of internal newsletters for Japanese-speaking employees.
ish this could be the reason for non-R-and-D people to get more interested in technologies.
hink people would come up with more ideas about new products because of it.
ll also be an advantage for the sales people if they can talk about technologies.
e the Japanese version is established and if our overseas office makes a request, we will think about the English version then.
d idea.
m thinking about appointing some of younger employees in our group to work on newsletters.
ill have them do the actual interviews and writing.
n you will be the supervisor.
ctly.
ase let me know when you pick the people.
, let's make this project a success.
initely.
lo, this is E Company.
lo, this is Morita from the R and D at Company G.
hi, Mr. Morita, good to hear from you.
looks like Yamada from the product development has been waiting for your call, so please hold.
e.
Mr. Morita, this is Yamada.
 are you?
m calling you regarding those product prototypes.
 I was waiting, thank you.
 how do they look?
made a couple just to test out, and they look good.
 that's good.
I would like to show you those, and I wonder if you could come over here.
course, I can.
hink it will be hard for you to bring them here.
, they are pretty heavy.
now, we are being unreasonable in terms of specifications.
no, that's not a problem.
s just that they are only prototypes that they might break while being transported.
right, since they are not officially products yet, you have not focused on the packaging much.
ctly, packaging will be another matter.
n I will visit you next week or so.
are good anytime except for Tuesday.
ave somethng on Monday, so how about Wednesday?
works.
you can come over before lunch, we can have a lunch meeting together.
nds good, since I would like to talk to other engineers, I'll do that.
is around ten thirty good?
, sure.
 I forgot to tell you one thing, but we might need prototypes for another product that is not the same as this one.
y?
 I bring the spec for it next week?
would be helpful if you could tell me it's feasible or not.
ee, please bring it with you then.
l do.
pologize for being unreasonable all the time.
 a problem, actually engineers enjoy making prototypes.
is fun to see what the actual product looks like.
d to hear, then I will see you next week.
 you then.
lo, I'd like to inquire about an invoice.
ill transfer you to the person in charge so please hold a moment.
lo, my name is Hirai and I am in charge.
 like to ask you something in regards to an invoice that was sent a few days ago, are you okay to talk now?
, do you have the invoice number in hand?
, it is 157784.
ase wait a bit, ok go on.
s in regards to the order on the tank in the second row, and a wrong model was sent to us and I'd like to cancel the order itself.
ill look into it so please hold a moment.
 very sorry about that, we actually send off an expedited shipment of the model you ordered but have you received it?
, it arrived but we didn't end up getting it by the date we needed it so I cancelled it online.
 very sorry for the inconvenience.
 very sorry but will it be possible to return the product back to us again?
s is the second time, we're busy too so can you send someone over to pick it up?
y, I will make an arrangement with the postal office so it would be appreciated if you can prepare the return.
y.
o, can you send me the new invoice by email?
course.
ase allow me to reconfirm your email.
o, can I pay by credit card?
, that won't be an issue.
once we confirm the return, I will call you once again in regards to the payment so please keep note of that.
y, thank you.
 thinking of setting up a website for the company but what do you think?
as just thinking that we should make one soon, but we don't have anyone that knows a lot about it and is something that we've been pushing back.
s area is rural and there are a lot of seniors so we still tend to rely on print advertisement but I think it is about time we made one.
 not that well versed so the design will be simple but I'm thinking of trying to make one.
y, I'll leave it to you.
ue-san, can you help him?
y.
e the website is done, we should add the web address on the phone booklet, advertisement, and company car too.
ant to add photos of the employees, company and before-after photos of houses we worked on as much as possible.
have the photos saved in one folder so you can use as much as you'd like.
should get permission from the clients too, right?
h, I'll contact them on this.
 you look at the pictures and list up which houses you want to upload and show me?
y.
e to think of it, we got an email the other day asking us if there will be any changes for next year's phonebook.
ecall it saying that we need to let them know by this month if there will be changes.
n we should make it quickly and hopefully be able to meet the deadline.
 surprisingly there are a lot that are flyers that we have posted at supermarkets and community centers, and we get inquiries that locals used our company to repair their exterior walls.
y, I will add the website URL and repost it once those are done as well.
 chiropractic hospital that I go to said they can let me leave business cards there so we should add it on there too.
seems we will be busy once the website is finished too.
lan on adding a feature so we can take reservations online in the future but I don't have that much knowledge on it so what should we do?
l let's at least have our company number in the contact information and have them be able to contact us over the web even if it's not taking reservations.
hink I should be able to do something like that.
ill make it so we will get a notification on our company email when a customer makes an inquiry over the web.
n we should decide who will be in charge of replying those.
's have another meeting once the website is done.
ight, I'll leave it to you guys Tanaka-san and Inoue-san.
re is a new bento place.
t's it like?
d of like a fusion of Thai, Vietnamese and Laotian cuisine.
 the person making it is Thai so Thai food might be good.
 I actually like Vietnamese food though.
 Julie, you only like pho, right?
't you think a noodle and soup for take out wouldn't taste good?
ht, then what do you recommend?
ought pad-thai today, do you want to try it?
, thank you.
s is good, I'll go take a look too.
 avoid the ones with strong herbal smells.
 cafeteria is small and there are people who would not be happy with the smell.
y.
ought green curry and summer roll.
t looks good.
t are you two eating?
i food, there is a new bento stall in front of the building.
s good!
 jealous of skinny girls who can eat what a lot without worrying about the calories.
't that like sexual harassment or some sort of harassment, and it shouldn't be something you should say, right?
 I guess I shouldn't talk about appearances.
h, you should be careful as that's something the company is pretty stringent on.
 still, how come our company cafeteria has an annoying rule of only 1 main dish and 2 side dishes?
ause if we have a buffet, people like Ken will eat too much and maybe they aren't able to make a profit?
please, I don't eat that much.
all know that you always put a lot on your plate.
 can't work if you're hungry!
re it is, you and your Sengoku period quotes.
be I should go work at the office in the building beside from us.
y say that the cafeteria is the building next to us is really good.
h, the work environment is important.
ecially for a big eater like me, where the food environment is very important.
slim girls can't eat a lot so we're more focused on the content.
 if we eat at the company cafeteria everyday, we can't survive even if it's free.
l, I think there is no better meal than a free meal.
 I will go grab some of the company meal.
y have loads of green peas that you don't like as the side dish today.
 maybe I have to go buy a bento too?
, lunch break is almost over.
, Kyle, good work today.
 Kiichi, I thought you've left already.
you still have something you'd like to ask about the workshop?
 really, I just wanted to talk to you.
 you still working after this?
elieve I have....
 a meeting has been postponed until Friday.
 done for the day now.
n, you can join me for a drink, huh?
 always push me too much, Kiichi.
well, it's been a long time, you know?
l, I have no reason to say no.
 rather like drinking, don't you?
all depends on where and with whom I drink.
I passed your test, I guess?
h, you should be proud.
 quite sensitive and particular about people.
ha, not bad if you can talk to me like that, Kyle!
ad been taken around by a tireless boss like you since I started working.
body would be tough.
njoyed training disobedient but earnest newbie like you.
 did, for eight long years.
nks to you, I can deal with any important people now, even pretty difficult ones.
t means you owe what you are today to me, right?
one can think as positive as you do, Kiichi.
l, I have something to say, Kyle.
n you got promoted to the corporate planning, I let you leave the sales because you'd get into the fast lane there.
I knew that you were going to request a transfer in four years to marketing too, I wouldn't have let you go.
've raised me so that I can stand on my own now.
l show you that I'm capable of building up a reputation for CX promotion soon.
 okay, I'll see how artfully you do that.
Ha, I think you'll enjoy it.
way, you don't mind the soba place we used to go, do you?
y have fine sake this time of the year.
nds good.
l go back to my office to get my bag.
s okay if you go ahead, Kiichi.
 right.
you take too long, I'd start by myself, alright?
you please.
l I've printed out the resumes and cover letters we received.
 that's a lot.
re are over a hundred here.
 long was the posting up for?
was up for around twenty days.
do you want to review them now?
, let's do it.
what's the tip in screening job applications?
l, we don't have time to review every single one of them.
ypically do a quick review of their cover letter.
their cover letter is interesting then I will look at their resume.
that seems okay then I'll put them in the shortlist pile.
l give it a try.
's see.
this person is interesting.
used to work at a shipping company as a logistics coordinator.
's see.
 writing skills are a bit questionable though.
re's some odd looking sentences in his cover letter.
s older than me too.
t could make things awkward right?
t's up to you really.
ersonally don't mind.
ean Elaine is a lot older than me.
d point.
l think about it.
ot of it is about gut feeling.
e you actually meet the person, you can usually tell if this is the person you want to hire or not.
an't wait to meet them!
l, they will have to get on your shortlist first though!
 this is Ricky Lyon from K fabrics.
 I please speak to Ayana Williamson?
s is she.
m calling about the order you placed at our store earlier today.
ust got a word from our warehouse that the fabric you want is actually back-ordered.
t does back order mean?
I not getting it at all?
l, back order means the item is temporarily out of order causing a delay on your order.
 the store associate I saw earlier placed an order for me.
 particular pattern you want is in high demand.
 obviously there was miscommunication between our store and the warehouse.
m sincerely sorry for the disappointment.
no, I was really looking forward to getting the fabric.
e of the other stores had it in stock either.
you happen to know when it will be in stock?
 warehouse manager believes it won't be another month or so.
nwhile, I am doing my best to source it from a different vendor for you.
 I do not have much luck.
I mentioned already, most places have run out of them due to its popularity.
l, I can not wait another month.
you have any pattern that is very similar to the one I want?
m actually opening up our sample book right now.
 wanted the paisley one with turquoise background, right?
, the patterns are green, white, and navy blue.
ave one that's almost identical.
 only difference is the background color.
s teal, but the colors of the patterns are exactly the same.
l, I would like to go ahead and get it then.
ortunately, we don't have it in stock at our store right now.
 it seems that the store in the town, Slidell, has some.
an have it delivered here or you can go pick it up yourself.
chever works better for you.
hink I am going to drive up there to pick it up.
pologize again.
ope you will consider us again for your future shopping.
k, you really did an amazing job last quarter.
 flatter me.
was hectic, but we made it through.
 it was, but you did it, and you did it well.
nk you for saying so.
 brought up sales and made a huge profit for the company.
l, actually if it wouldn't have had the support from you and the entire department, I cold have never done it.
're too kind Jack.
ually, I have some really good news.
 aren't going to believe this.
t?
t's going on?
 board has decided to give you a bonus!
t!?
that's great Kim.
 much?
00 dollars.
my god, that's too much Kim.
nk you so much.
s is amazing.
l, you've certainly earned it Jack!
, it is Friday, I was thinking that all of us could go out and celebrate.
yeah, for sure.
there, I'm picking up some bags for Company A.
 I get your name please?
s Sam Lee.
 I also get your order number?
, it is 47238.
y, yes we have the bags ready for you.
l have Greg take care of the rest for you.
there, you must be Sam.
 Greg.
there I'm Sam Lee from Company A.
s nice to put a face to the name.
I have your bags ready for loading at the loading bay.
ore we head out, can you just sign this invoice?
 I can.
y, let's head out now.
the bags are pretty heavy so I will use a small forklift to load it into your car.
ch car is yours?
s the black SUV over there.
ight, can you open the trunk?
l bring the bags over with the forklift and directly load it in.
e.
nk you very much.
lo.
 this is Sam Lee from the Seattle office.
 hello there.
as wondering if you can get me a risk assessment report.
course.
 you send me the details of the company?
 I can.
 you tell me what information I need to give you?
in order to get the report, I'll need the company name, address, phone number, and website
l that be it?
, that will be it.
y, I will send that over right now.
 long will it take to get the report?
hink it will take a few days.
l let you know once I get the report.
at, thank you very much.
l look forward to hearing from you.
e a good one.
 now.
d morning, Mr. Ken.
d morning, Steve.
 me take you to your work desk and then I will give you a tour of the office.
e is your desk and work starts from 8am to 5pm every day, Steve.
 very nice!
p your belongings here, and let’s go!
 I am ready Mr. Ken.
t is Suzy over there and is our senior financial analyst.
 will be working with her in the future so let’s go say hi to her.
y, this is Steve, our department’s new addition.
come on board, Steve.
m very glad to see you!
m very happy to be here.
t let me know whenever you need me.
m glad to be of any assistance.
m giving Steve a tour of the office so that he knows his way around.
 oh and please do teach him where the vending machines are located Ken.
 you later, Steve!
 Suzy.
the end of the hallway is the Production area.
enty percent of our merchandise is produced right here in this facility and we also have one smaller manufacturing facility overseas that handles the rest of the production.
 will be dealing with John, the Production manager.
ill introduce you to him later because he is in a meeting at the moment.
ht, I need to remember that name.
e I said during the interview, one of your daily jobs is to deal with the bank to keep track of our financial resources.
ry morning, you will access our account through the Internet to get financial information.
hould have a login and password, right?
, I will call our bank and inform them that you are our new employee.
r next task is to call overseas to get other necessary information.
t kind of data do I need to get from our people overseas?
 will need financial data about their current and future projects.
they need any information from me?
, you need to work with them on their budgets so you can fax or e-mail them the information and if you need to talk to them, call them as soon as you get in.
ember that they are eight hours ahead of us.
e sure that you create a file for each overseas project so you and I can review them at the end of every week.
the beginning, can you review the files with me more often?
ust want to make sure that I do my job correctly.
, come see me whenever you have questions.
an't believe that you're leaving us.
h, it will be very weird without you here.
idn't expect that this will happen so soon.
l, it's your life.
 should go for it.
 not?
estly, I don't think I could do what you are doing.
 mean moving to a different country?
course there's that.
ean leaving this big company to pursue your real dream.
now, I had to argue a lot with my husband about this.
, did you try the special cocktail?
rdered it just for you.
nk you for organizing this party for me.
 totally deserve this.
love parties anyway.
ecially when we can have it right where we work.
 me go and grab some cocktails for you guys.
you want something to eat, too?
 not that hungry.
 trust me, you will need something otherwise you can't drink tonight.
ight, just bring me anything you like.
ill be right back!
 you excited about your new job?
 not sure.
hink there will be some good points and bad.
h, I'm really happy for you though.
ple think that we have everything just because we work here, but you know that's not true.
nks for saying that.
t don't forget to let us know how you're doing now and then.
nk goodness we have internet, right?
, it's a small world with internet.
 should come and visit me while I'm in India.
ould love to visit.
 I join for that trip, too?
e's your food and drinks.
nks so much.
s looks amazing.
lo everyone, and good morning.
you all know by now, the company is in the red for this fiscal year.
ause of this, I have some bad news.
ortunately, we will be reducing our usual holiday bonuses for this year.
 financial department has notified me that this is necessary, and it seems like there is nothing much we can do about it.
 much of a reduction are we talking about?
re will be a 20% cut to this year's holiday bonuses.
o bonuses will be paid in two months.
 please be aware that there will be no layoffs.
t is good to hear, I guess.
l there be any other spending cuts?
ually, yes there will be.
 company will be suspending all business travel temporarily until further notice.
ee, when will this go into effect?
s is effective immediately.
please cancel any travel plans you may have in the near future.
s is rather inconvenient.
, it certainly is.
ually, we had plans to visit Company B in Taiwan in February.
y've been valuable business partners over the past year.
s unfortunate I will have to cancel this meeting with them.
l, we hope these funding cuts will only be for a short term.
ill notify you all as soon as I have any more information.
logies to everyone for the inconvenience.
 hope to hear a good news from you soon.
lo Mr. Kato, good evening.
d evening Mr. Araki.
you know, we have meetings twice per year to review the performance of each employee.
are planning to meet with all of the employees in your department over the next five days.
ee.
re is no need to be nervous.
ll we get started?
, please continue.
y sure.
how is your relationship with your coworkers lately?
eel that I cooperate well with my coworkers.
ommunicate with everybody in my office, and we regularly share ideas between each other.
 there any issues with coworkers you’d like to mention?
 none at all.
rybody is very friendly and helpful.
t's good to hear.
encourage collaboration between coworkers.
e you been happy with your personal performance over the past 6 months?
, I feel that I have been doing well lately.
e been with the company for two years and I've got used to my job.
o over the past six months I've been taking classes outside of work to learn excel.
s has helped improve my efficiency at work and I'm sharing my new information with my coworkers.
ee, that's great that you are taking these classes.
 sure that information is helpful to the whole office.
you have any weaknesses or things you'd like to improve on in the future?
l, often I get stressed if I miss a deadline or if I have too much work to do in a short amount of time.
aging my stress better is definitely something I would like to work on.
, managing stress is important.
ually, I have a book on managing stress in the workplace.
may be helpful to you.
 don’t you stop by my office tomorrow and I'll lend it to you.
t would be great, thank you so much!
problem at all.
 I have one final question.
you have any concerns about working here at Company A, or any questions for me?
I don't.
njoy working here and hope I can stay for a long time.
t's great to hear!
l, thank you for your time, you can go back to your desk now.
nk you.
 Victor, what are you working on?
e been setting up my retirement from the past week.
 do you have your savings for retirement set up?
 of mine is invested into Company A stock.
pany A matches everything that we put in up to four percent.
 about you, Victor?
, some of mine goes into Company A stock.
ever, many people have watched their retirement dreams disappear because they invested only in the company stock of their employer.
t's why I've been working on mine.
've got to diversify, Tim.
l, I think money is a very personal matter.
 you trying to get into my business?
 no, no, not at all.
 just looking out for you, Tim.
t people do exactly what you do, but in the long term, it doesn't make sense.
as doing it too, but I started doing some research.
l then, what do you suggest?
e's the thing, if Company A fails, we lose everything and the stock will be worthless.
with a target-date mutual fund.
t's that?
s a fund holds a mix of stocks, bonds, and other investments.
r time, the mix gradually shifts according to the fund's investment strategy.
get date funds are designed to be long-term investments for individuals with particular retirement dates in mind.
, I'll have to check it out.
you do that by yourself, or did you hire an accountant?
e been doing it myself.
d morning, this is Harry from the warehouse, how may I help you?
d morning Harry, this is Charlie from the Marketing department.
ould like to know whether the new year calendar has arrived or not?
 sorry, as I wrote in the email the new year calendar might arrive late.
 so when it will be delivered to our office?
 vendor said it will be delivered around early January.
ld you please call me later when the calendar arrive?
e, I will.
t to make sure, you ordered 200 pieces right?
, that's right.
y, I would also like to tell you that our vendor will not send the calendar to your office at once, but divided into several batches.
 maybe if you ordered 200 pieces, I can give you around 50 pieces at first.
 then, if our vendor send it again the next day, I can give you another 50 calendars.
s is because we also need to deliver the calendar to our branch offices throughout the country.
 we need time for delivery to our branch offices.
y, I understand that.
t please inform me when the calendars are ready.
ause it's already late.
y.
there anything else I can help you?
 that's all.
nk you.
're welcome.
d afternoon everyone.
st of all, happy new year.
ould like everyone here to give ideas for this year.
as for each employees to improve their performance this year.
ple ideas are welcome, we don't need complicated ideas, if everyone can improve their own performance, our company will perform better too.
 ideas could be how to improve the sales or how to improve the service to our customers.
 comment guys?
n we must give our ideas?
ay is Friday evening, so how about Monday morning?
we can think over the weekend while we're having our holiday.
y, no problem.
uess everyone here also agree.
Monday morning we meet again at 9, is that okay everyone?
y.
y.
ry, I have an appointment with client next week on Monday.
 we meet later at around 3 pm?
problem, or you can just submit your ideas in writing and give it to Felix.
, I don't mind.
t submit your ideas to me, and I will compile it together with my ideas.
y then I will submit it to Felix.
nk you.
y, then, see you guys on Monday.
 you.
 you.
 you.
d afternoon.
d afternoon.
 I meet Ms. Diana?
e, where are you from?
 Willy from ABC company.
e you made an appointment with her?
, I've made an appointment already.
y, please wait a moment.
nk you.
 Mr. Willy.
 Ms. Diana.
come, please come in.
nk you.
 are you?
d, how are you?
d, thank you.
ase have a seat and wait for a moment here.
ill ask the others to join the meeting.
y.
lo, I'm Cynthia.
lo, I'm Willy, nice to meet you.
 let's start our meeting.
have reviewed your proposal, is this the best price you can give to us?
, actually, we can give you 10 percent discount.
ually we received another quotation from another source, and they give us better price than your company.
ir price is cheaper and also they offered us more discount than you.
 I know how much discount they give?
y offered us 15 percent discount.
y, so I will give you the same discount they offered to you.
y, good.
will discuss your proposal further internally and will revert to you as soon as possible.
y, I will be waiting for your positive response.
ase excuse me then.
nk you very much for coming.
problem, if you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me.
e, I will, thank you.
y then, see you.
 you.
lo?
Chris, it's Ryan.
 hey man.
ten, could you do me a massive favor and cover this morning's meeting?
, what's the matter?
the way to the station just now, a car sped through a massive puddle and absolutely soaked me.
e got to go home and change, I can't meet a potential client like this.
man, that's terrible.
 know they can get fined for that now, did you catch their number plate?
 unfortunately it all happened too fast.
 anyway, there's no way I'm going to make it in on time now.
y, don't worry I can meet with the client.
 proposal and other documents are all on the shared drive, right?
h, it's all there.
 can ring me if anything's not clear.
worries, go and get yourself dried off.
nks man, I owe you one.
l hold you to that!
 me know how it all goes, okay.
l do.
ight, see you later.
.
Sam.
 hi Chris.
 are you doing?
 good.
 by the way, congratulations on your son's wedding last week.
nk you very much.
I just wanted to double check our schedule tomorrow.
 will be flying in around 9 o'clock tomorrow, right?
, that's right.
y, so I will pick you up, then drive to the site.
 drive will take around two hours.
 I think the site inspection will take another two hours.
r flight is at 5 o'clock in the afternoon, right?
t's right.
should have enough time, right?
h, I think so.
s a domestic flight so you don't have to get to the airport so early.
 should be fine as long as you get there one hour earlier.
at.
nk we are all set then?
't forget to bring your inspection gear.
ht.
'll need your helmet, vest, and steel-toed boots.
might rain so you should dress appropriately.
nks for the reminder!
l see you tomorrow.
l look forward to it.
 for now.
you need to buy anything for this fiscal year?
e?
e office supplies.
e a mouse, charger cable, things like that.
still have some leftover budget so if you need to buy anything then buy it now.
 I see.
 I get another monitor?
e why not.
you really need it though?
h I do actually.
eed it when I do research or enter data.
will be a lot more convenient if I have two screens so I can look at two things at the same time.
erwise, I'll have to keep alt tabbing.
y.
itors are pretty cheap these days.
e seen a twenty-seven inch go for around a hundred dollars.
 you send me an email on which monitor you want?
y.
 you also include the administration department in the email?
 it.
lo all, thank you for gathering today.
hin do you mind if we all speak English today as Sylar is here?
course not, how are you Sylar?
Yichin, good to hear your voice.
 is Australia?
ltering actually.
yo was much better, it sucks to be back here.
I've got you 2 on the phone because I wanted to make sure we are on the same page regarding your fund's intentions with our company.
ar has given me some feedback in confidence as to some concerns he has.
, I got an email from Sylar regarding that.
e taken his concern to Wang Feihong and he has been looking at past financials to see where you may be heading.
t between you and me, and Syler of course, this doesn't look good.
g Feihong is mostly concerned at how, what's the word, um, careful, Keiko is.
hin, it's fine, you don't have to sugar coat.
 is way too stubborn and slow.
was expecting some sort of change by now, but it seems to be the same, if not worse.
ina, the board meeting was a disaster.
 was shutting Alex off, and dancing around my questions.
an't imagine Wang Feihong himself sitting at that meeting.
will explode.
, you told me she didn't answer any of your questions..
s very disrespectful as we are one of your biggest investors.
on't know what to say other than I deeply apologize for their behavior.
she okay though?
ning?
l, is she, um, having some sort of, I don't know, breakdown?
on't understand how she can live in la-la land that long.
re seems to be something wrong and I'm worried for her wellbeing.
t's a new take.
idn't think about that, but yeah, that is a possibility.
on't know her personal affairs, or her medical history, so I can't really weigh in on that.
 I do believe something needs to be done for the sustainability of our company and I am counting on C Fund for direction.
I'm still committed to working with you to turn things around for Company R, but just as a heads up, Wang Feihong himself will not be focusing on you guys.
has allowed me to work with you, but there won't be any input from him.
nk you for being straight with me.
ina, I think this information should just be among us.
l, I actually think this is a good wakeup call for them.
they know C Fund is losing interest, they may finally get their act together.
s up to you what you tell management, but please remember I am still here.
s better not to completely burn bridges.
nk you for coming in.
s unprecedented weather is wreaking havoc on us, and there has been some overflow of pipes in the roof.
pologize for the leaks you see around you.
ave heard on the news that 30 percent of Tokyo's buildings have burst pipes.
 subway station had buckets everywhere too.
, so, I would like to get back to the interview and introduce you to our team.
s is Sylvester Ko, our CFO, and this is Karim Ahuja who leads the IT team.
 will be working closely with Karim.
lo, nice to meet you both.
thank you for doing a video interview with me the other day, today is really to get a feel of what you will be doing here, and whether you will be interested.
l let Karim do the talking.
Sergei.
Dr. Toshinaga forwarded me your CV and I believe you are exactly the person we need.
ically you will be doing what you have done at your previous company.
 will be overseeing the sales office system and taking care of their issues.
re will be some backend work on our website when necessary, as well as taking care of our enterprise system.
 enterprise system is something we just installed, and the learning curve for our employees is quite steep.
y are going to have a lot of questions, so I will guide you through the basics so you can deal with the tickets.
, I think I can handle that.
had a complicated enterprise system at my previous job but it only took me a few days to understand it.
t's that cracking sound?
on't hear it.
ething is definitely cracking.
no, Sergei watch out!
t just happened?
gei, I'm so sorry, let me grab a towel.
s place is a mess!
e been splashed as well!
 that ceiling panel just cave in with the weight of water?
dear, Sergei, you are all wet, are you ok?
iously we can't continue with the interview, but I would like to extend an offer.
 just because of this, mind you, your CV is stellar and Karim is happy as well.
cashmere suit is wet!
e, Sergei, let me take that jacket so I can blow it with this dryer.
 not wearing cashmere so I'm ok, thank you Karim.
pologize for this mess, please send us your dry-cleaning bill.
nsist.
e extended an offer, Karim.
t's great, Dr. Toshinaga.
l, thank you but let me go home and think it over.
lo, everyone.
m glad to see we have a big audience today.
I'm sure you guys are eager to hear more about what I have to say today.
 before I start, I'd like to thank Government Agency A and Company A for co-organizing today's event.
o, I'd like to thank Mike Mostow for his work in helping the deal materialize.
 Mostow, would like to say something to the audience?
, thank you Chris.
you may all know, the trade deal was signed earlier this year.
hough there were some issues along the way, all the government officials involved have made sure things went smoothly.
appreciate your hard work Mr. Mostow.
 I'm happy to be here today to have Chris and his team present to you the new trade deal.
is, I will hand the floor back to you.
nk you very much Mr. Mostow.
ight, let's get right into it then.
 CPTPP is a new trade agreement between eleven countries.
the eleven, seven countries have already officially joined while the remaining four are still in the discussion phase.
 seven countries that have signed on are, Mexico, Japan, Canada, Singapore, New Zealand, Australia, and Vietnam.
 four remaining are, Brunei, Chile, Malaysia, and Peru.
the biggest feature of this trade deal will be the reduction or removal of tariffs on a large number of goods.
 Canada, one of the biggest benefit is the reduction of tariffs for meat products in to the Asian market.
 of Canada's key market will be Japan and we expect the trade of meat products to increase greatly.
 products will be beef and pork.
 aside from the tariffs, the deal also brings other benefits among the countries.
 example, this will open up opportunities for other companies in other countries to bid for government contracts.
ically, government contracts can only be bid by the local companies but this will change that.
 with the reduction or removal of tariffs, it will allow foreign companies to be more competitive in bidding for government contracts abroad.
the trade deal is not a simple reduction or removal of tariffs but has other features to promote the prosperity of the countries involved.
ould go on for hours but since we still have a whole day ahead of us, I will stop around here.
after this, we will have a panel session with the trade commissioners from Government Agency A.
y will provide their insight on the benefits of the trade deal, and explain some of the government programs that companies could use.
se would be things that exporters could potentially use to expand to a new market.
 panel session will be held in the room behind me so please head on over after this.
nk you and I hope everyone learns a lot from today's event.
 Ben, do you know where this shipment will be going to?
s the one to Shanghai.
 you asking about the Company?
h and their address.
ight Forwarder A is asking for the BL instruction and they need to know the name of the consignee by the end of the day.
ine usually does this but she took the day off today.
should be the same as the last shipment to Shanghai.
it should be Company B.
 don't quote me on it.
y.
 why don't you check the phytosanitary application that Elaine sent out yesterday?
t should have the information you're looking for.
 I didn't see that email.
you know when she sent the email?
should have been yesterday morning.
 me check.
h, she sent it out around 11 o'clock yesterday.
 but she didn't Cc you in the email.
 no wonder.
 you forward that email to me?
, I'll do that now.
at, thank you.
l send her a note to always include you in these kind of emails.
, please.
erwise I won't be able to cover for her when she's away!
, Han, please come and check our intern's work.
s unbelievable.
, yes I am checking it right now.
 he spend all night messing up all these files?
seems that way.
least he's persistent.
be that's it though.
 didn't you tell him what the problem is?
 should I do that?
won't survive here anyway.
h, you're right.
he preparing for his presentation now?
's going to be his partner?
 knows.
the way, who hired him?
you have any clue about that?
ave no idea who hired him.
ave a briefing with the senior manager now.
y.
ill see you later.
d morning sir.
ade...
saw it already.
 surely proved it quantity-wise.
, that's it.
, you!
 did you ignore the folder trees that Mr. Han had made?
idn't ignore them, but there were so many files that didn't fit there.
t's the company standard.
you know what that means?
ryone understood and agreed on it.
ry sir, I will keep that in my mind.
 don't have to be sorry, just try to remember that for next time.
all work together.
tt, have you got a minute?
, what's up?
as wondering if you could do me a favor.
t depends what it is.
l, John has asked me to design and write a brochure to promote the new service.
on't want to let him down, but with the sales reports due for next week and the trade show to prepare for, it's a bit much for me to take on at the moment.
you have the time, I was hoping you might be able to whip something up?
I remember correctly, weren't you the one who spearheaded that project?
ely someone so instrumental in its development would do a better job?
, but graphic design is not my forte.
s, I now need to put all my effort into things like the trade show, to help get my baby released to consumers.
y, I understand.
shouldn't be a problem, and I do enjoy that kind of work.
, I remember what a great job you did on the design work for the M contract.
now it will be done well if I leave it in your hands.
, well don't forget I'm also covering for Mark while he's off with the flu.
anything comes through from one of his clients, that will have to take priority.
, of course.
l see if I can make a start after lunch today.
nks Scott, I really appreciate it.
l be on hand if you have any questions.
l be out of the office for a bit with the preparations, so you might have to reach me by email.
worries.
 I just wanted to touch base with everyone, and see what stage everyone is at.
one, how's it going sourcing a manufacturer?
tty good, I have some promising leads in China.
 factory I spoke to is pretty confident they can create the shapes we require with their CNC machines, based on the designs I sent them.
y know the designs are a very early work in progress though, right?
 final design is likely to be quite different.
, I made them aware of that, and they suggested we also design a custom jig when we know what the final design will look like.
, that's a good idea.
h, it would help them get the production started right away.
, Asa, what's been going on in your team?
l, at the beginning of last week, we fell behind schedule.
s is something I've already discussed with my team, and we came up with some better practices, and were back on track by Friday.
t's great.
n, on Tuesday, we invited some members of the public to come and trial the different materials and color combinations, and we explained the various features.
gained some really valuable feedback, which we have shared with the design team.
, Ian couldn't make it today, but he wanted to reiterate how grateful he was for that.
said the feedback gave him and his team confidence that they are moving in the right direction, and has informed them what they need to focus on next.
at.
tly, Vanessa, do you have anything to share?
l, as you all know, we had a great brainstorming session for the product name, and came up with some options that we thought reflected our brand and the concept really well.
.
ortunately, the legal team has since got back to us and rejected our number one candidate, as there is already a product with that name.
ther favorite could apparently be deemed offensive in Spanish, so it looks like it's back to the drawing board.
 to worry, it's still early days.
ht, let's wrap it up there.
ll reconvene in 2 weeks to share what progress we've made.
 you hear back from Company A yet?
 not yet.
ent them an email last week.
 planning to follow up with them on Friday this week if I don't hear back.
 don't you try calling them?
ually the person in charge is out of the country this week so I was hoping he'd reply my email.
s in Europe right now and it's a bit hard to reach him by phone.
ean, I wouldn't want someone calling me when I'm on a business trip.
ecially when I'm sleeping or something.
y, fair enough.
sure to follow up on this though.
 team in Tokyo has been waiting for a reply and we should at least let them know what is up by the end of this week.
, I understand.
l update the team in Tokyo on Friday regardless.
nk you.
 Laura, can we talk for a bit now?
h, sure!
at.
by the way, how was your holiday?
 you enjoy Lisbon?
it was brilliant!
 weather was perfect, food was great, people were all so nice!
l got himself addicted to the egg tarts and he was eating at least 3 everyday throughout the stay.
a!
s now relentlessly googling the recipe so that he can recreate it.
that's nice!
e sure he cooks some for me too.
initely!
 so, I wanted to set a meeting with Company T next week and I was wondering when you would be available to attend.
ically they can do any day so it's up to us.
yeah, I will be able to go out, give me a sec, let me check my schedule.
 I can do Wednesday and Thursday.
o Friday but only after 2 p.m.
ill have a meeting all morning and a lunch appointment with my trainee right after that.
thanks!
an do Wednesday too so that's great.
ill email them then set the time and let you know.
 sounds great.
ill send us the list of documents we need by then to remind us.
nks!
use me, I would like to get some stationery.
t kind of stationery?
ant a red non-permanent marker.
n't you see it on the supply shelf?
ooked for it but didn't find it.
might have some in the storage.
you need it soon?
 sooner the better.
 I will go see it now.
ase do.
 I ask you one more favor?
t is it?
s is no rush, but I would like a new pair of scissors.
re weren't any scissors on the supply shelf either.
don't keep new scissors on the supply shelf.
only keep consumable goods on the supply shelf.
ee, what should I do?
ill see if there are some along with markers.
ill get a pair for you right away if there are any.
not, I will place an order from the supply company and should receive them tomorrow.
otcha.
 another thing, the take-out chart was completely filled.
 should probably get a new one out.
nk you, I will get to it right away.
't the entrance to our company a little drab?
gets cleaned regularly but it is too plain.
l, it's definitely not vibrant.
n you come into the entrance, all you see is the company name, the reception furniture, and the telephone.
l, a plant is there too.
 we got this plant as a gift from our client when our office moved.
e of the leaves are dying though.
ada-san, you have visited many companies, haven't you?
you remember any company that has an impressive entrance?
ce it varies greatly depending on the size of a company, it might not be very useful.
 most impressive one by far is J brokerage.
is a large international brokerage firm, so it's not helpful to compare though.
 was it?
 whole floor is dedicated to the reception area.
addition, it's 18th floor of a building that is right next to Tokyo Station with glass windows, which offers a breathtaking view.
re are two female receptionists sitting at the front desk, and once you sign in, you will be guided to the sofa in an area that reminds you of a hotel lobby.
 can wait elegantly until you get guided to the office floor.
hospitable as a luxury hotel.
t sounds awesome.
 you think of any company that is more like our level then?
eign hedge fund managing company H might be it.
 was it?
s in a building adjacent to a hotel in Hibiya.
 entrance isn't that big, it's probably the same size as ours.
is very classy.
n you open the door, you see the company logo hung up and a telephone placed on a glass table.
t sounds pretty similar to ours.
 there was a fresh flower arrangement in a large vase, and it smelled wonderful.
wasn't overpowering, just enough floral scent.
actory stimulation can be useful.
 we borrow their idea and add a fresh flower arrangement?
n should we straighten up and do it as a trial?
's see how people react to it.
nds good, let's do it.
a-san, can I ask you something?
, what is it?
client, A Securities, is moving their headquarters on the fifteenth of next month.
 like to send them a gift.
you know what you want to send and how much you want to spend?
as wondering what you always send out as gifts..
 a move, how about a decorative indoor plant?
re are many firms who rent potted plants for their offices, but most still seem very happy to receive something like that as a gift.
ecially if they have many conference and meeting rooms, they are perfect as decorations.
y also last for a long time.
can also add a plaque with our company name with the gift which will show their visiting clients our relationship.
ee.
usually choose pachira, yucca and ficus benjamina...
 budget is usually somewhere between 15,000 and 20,000 yen.
 not familiar with those plants but are they like the ones in our entrance lobby?
, something pretty ordinary.
 can choose which kind and let's spend 15,000 yen.
's also choose a big planter for it.
 I will do that.
t name should I ask to put on the plaque?
ase put the president's name.
 it, I will make arrangements immediately.
name is Koizumi, pleased to meet you, I am starting today.
m Muto, in charge of new recruits, pleased to meet you as well.
zumi san, please wear this hat before entering the kitchen.
ase make sure that no hair is showing.
it OK to put hair clips in?
long as it's inside the hat.
t please properly wash your hands with soap for 3 minutes before disinfecting with alcohol.
 take such care of hygiene!
basically need perfect hygiene to avoid food poisoning.
 start packing rice for the bento boxes.
l you scoop 200 grams of rice, weigh it on this scale, and put it into the container?
s hard to be exactly 200 grams.
long as it's within 215 grams, don't worry about the difference.
 make sure it is not less.
erwise, some customers weigh the amount of rice and complain that there isn't enough.
nderstand and will be careful.
er the rice, put this heated the boil-in-the-bag ingredient onto the rice.
t dish are we making?
hinese donburi which is one of the most popular product at our supermarket.
e it is, is this good?
 topping is all in the middle, make sure it's spread evenly over the rice.
ase place the pickles on the right side and then put a lid on it.
this done?
 we still need to put the product sticker on.
it this "Chinese bento box 500 yen" sticker?
 this is a "Chinese bowl" not a "Chinese bento box".
ple have been applying the stickers inconsistently recently so please make sure that you're matching the stickers and food correctly.
ill be careful, is there a particular position for the stickers?
, always make sure the sticker is visible the right hand side.
as this is done, we bring it out to the counter.
 place in particular?
ase place it with the rest of the Chinese food in the corner with the chili shrimps and fried rice.
where in that section should be fine.
just made this one so should it go to the back of the shelf?
mally, most supermarkets apply a first in first out system.
differentiate ourselves from other supermarkets by providing freshly made ones.
ase place the newly made items in front of the older ones.
nderstand, I went and placed it with the rest of them.
then, please make 10 more of the same "Chinese donburi".
ight.
 are you Tanaka-san.
 are you Funakoshi-san.
the way, I'd like to advance the publishing deadline for the spring catalog to the 14th.
you think you can finish up the page in regards to the furniture products by then?
on't think that will be a problem.
t of the design is already done.
 the price of the product isn't decided yet.
 Okada-san.
 you get the final version of the product price list from the marketing department?
 not yet.
 submission deadline was yesterday, right?
 we haven't heard anything yet.
, I will contact someone from the marketing department.
n Tanaka-san will be able to finish the catalog, right?
, that would be great.
h, the catalog is our top priority.
h.
y, I'll leave that to you.
h, I'll contact you later.
nk you for calling, my name is Shibuya from Trust Company M, Transfer Agent Department.
nk you as always, I am Takada from Company I.
 Takada, thank you as always.
ry, is Nose-san at his seat?
 would like to speak to Nose-san, please hold wait a moment.
nk you for holding, this is Nose.
 Nose-san, this is Takada.
ry about yesterday, I couldn't pick up the phone as I was out.
 it's okay.
nk you for sending the documents I asked for.
was helpful.
 that good enough?
was enough to get a general understanding.
 I'm not that confident when it comes to actually proceeding with discussions with the management team.
 content is pretty tricky to discuss over the phone so would it be possible to meet in person?
t's fine.
logies for the sudden request but could you give me some of your time sometimes this week?
an visit your office if it's tomorrow afternoon, does that work with you?
y, how about 1 o'clock in the afternoon at our office.
y.
ill also bring some materials that I can't really send by email.
t will be helpful, I will also review what I want to discuss about by the time we meet.
y, I will wait for you tomorrow.
y, alright then, bye now.
nk you for calling company I, this is Noda speaking.
d morning, this is Imai from sales department, is Mr. Akawa available right now?
d morning, hold on one second please.
lo, this is Akawa.
d morning, this is Imai.
d morning, what's going on?
m so sorry to tell you this, I came down with a fever last night and it hasn't broken yet.
ave a terrible headache too, and I am wondering if I can take today off.
 you alright?
 know it's the flu season, do you think you came down with it?
son was sick with the flu a few days ago, it is possible.
m about to go to the clinic.
you have the flu, I need you to get completely better before coming back to work.
ording to our company policy, you can come back 5 days after the onset of the sickness and you have been fever free for 2 days.
nderstand.
 you call me back about the diagnosis later?
ure will, and I apologize for the inconvenience my absence may cause.
't you worry about that, take care.
the way do you have any urgent appointments?
ave one, an appointment with Mr. Yamada from company A.
as supposed to go visit him.
 it be rescheduled or do we need to send a someone else there?
is not that urgent, just a meeting to gather and exchange information, so it can be rescheduled.
 I will let them know about your situation.
ppreciate you doing that for me.
't worry, just get better.
nk you so much, and please call me if something changes.
ot it, take care.
 talk to you later.
oi-san, sorry for bothering you but do you have a moment?
 Noda-san, what's wrong?
ot a call from the preschool that my son goes to on my cell phone just now.
seems my son suddenly got a fever and they are asking me to pick him up right away.
 like to call it a day and leave now for today but is that okay?
course, hurry up and go pick him up.
nk you very much and sorry for the inconvenience.
 like to check the schedule for today and tomorrow before you leave.
you need to handover any tasks in particular?
your son got a fever today, it might be hard for you to come to work tomorrow, right?
nk you for your consideration.
ust have admin work to do at the office today so I don't have anything that has to be done right away.
 person in charge at Securities Company M plans on coming to our office tomorrow in regards to work related to stock ownership plan.
that appointment isn't in a rush, why don't you reschedule the meeting?
ill contact them to change the date.
n can I just ask you to do that?
course.
everything else okay?
hing in particular I think.
y, take care.
nk you very much, I'll be leaving now.
 like to now begin the second meeting.
nk you.
 everyone think about an exporting plan?
id think about it but it was pretty hard as it was my first time.
y, can we start with you, Komiya-kun?
, okay.
till think the first trial export should target Japanese people living in Singapore and export the products we sell in Japan today would be good.
ee.
targeting Japanese people, we can simply export the existing products that we have.
we narrow down our sales point to places where Japanese people tend to gather in the local area, we should be able to reduce our expenses too.
gree with Komiya-san's idea.
 you tell us about your idea too, Murata-san?
hink we should first target Japanese people living locally as well.
s a small country so I think if we can get supermarkets where Japanese people go often to cooperate with us and sell through there will be the most realistic.
o-san, I have a question.
t is it, Kobayashi-kun.
s team is still formed with volunteers and is not an official team but do we have a budget?
hink it will depend on the direction we take from now and have the president and the general affairs department decide.
that is the case, will it be possible for us to go to Singapore and do field research as well as distributing samples?
 like to learn about what kind of things are sold locally for future reference, and listen to the actual comments of locals by distributing samples directly to non-Japanese people.
t's a good idea, I'm in favor of that.
 in favor of that too.
ee, I think that's a good idea as well.
y, let's use this plan as a base and form a plan that can convince the president and the general affairs department.
uda-san, sorry I am a little late.
e are all the documents for the travel expenses.
nk you, it didn't take you long at all.
m so sorry, I seem to have lost the receipt for the shinkansen ticket to the airport, is there anything I can do?
nkansen fare isn't cheap.
case of a lost receipt, this different form needs to be filled out.
eed to write down the reason for the lost item, right?
, you just need to be honest and write you lost it.
otcha.
n I am going to go fill out this form now.
t a second.
 me check to see everything else is filled out correctly.
ase do that for me.
t rate did you use for the local hotel fee?
sed the rate I saw on the Internet today and calculated it.
ry, can you calculate it using the M bank's rate on the day you got your receipt?
 sir.
rything looks great other than that, so please fix those two things.
ii-san, do you have a moment?
t is it?
ot a call just a while ago from the nursery.
child vomited out the school lunch and has a fever of 39 degrees.
my, 39 degrees!
it alright if I leave work early?
pologize for asking for such a favor at a busy time.
ould like to pick my child up as soon as possible.
 must be worried.
 can go pick up your child.
t about your work, though?
e asked Yoshida-san to take care of inputting the vouchers.
t about the quotation form we asked you to send company A this morning?
lready sent the e-mail.
e also finished filling out the daily report.
ight then.
haps you'll have to take a break from work if your child has the flu.
ight have to if that's the case.
 I haven't heard any outbreak of the flu at the nursery, so I think it might be fine.
ever my child does have the flu, then I'll have to take the day off tomorrow.
husband has the day off the day after tomorrow on Friday, so I'll make sure to show up to work by then.
till have to finish the outputs for the invoices.
ee.
would be a big help then if you could show up on Friday.
l go pick my child up then and proceed to the pediatrician.
l make sure to give a call whether I can come to work or not tomorrow once we have finished with the check-up.
ight then.
ope your child gets better after a night's rest.
ope so too.
l be on my way then.
ight.
ish the best for your child.
nk you.
, do you have time?
t's up?
e got something on my mind.
h as?
oticed that Mr. Ueda gives me so many receipts recently.
says they are for the company meetings.
 he been so busy these days?
idn't think he was so busy as far as I know.
gives me a restaurant receipt every weekend regularly, saying it's for a company meeting.
was a French restaurant in a three-star-hotel last weekend.
, that's luxury.
o, he gave me a receipt of a nightclub in Roppongi.
h!
s been a month, so I've started to feel suspicious.
t do you think?
sounds a bit dodgy from your story.
h.
t shall I do?
 me see...
 is Mr. Ueda's client?
ding company U.
 I've heard we had closed the deal with company U two weeks ago.
that so?
l find a paper to confirm.
 don't you take the paper and talk to Mr. Ueda to check the details?
l, I'm not sure if I can do it.
is bit a domineering to us as he is a branch manager's favourite.
e.
e been offended by him many times.
 how about speaking to Ms. Yamamoto for help?
 good idea!
's been working here longer than Mr. Ueda.
might be listening to her obediently.
, it'll be so wrong if the receipts were for private use.
l have a word with Ms.Yamamoto now.
d luck.
nks.
ay we'd like to discuss our charity activities.
you know, we go to a developing country every year for charity work.
addition to that, what else can we do?
that limited to overseas activities?
can we do something here?
her will do.
 ideas?
ave something for domestic activities.
 about making a food donation as a company.
we are all busy working, it's not easy to be away.
we could put a large box and ask the employees to bring in some unwanted tinned or preserved food.
on't think it would cause much trouble.
t's a good idea.
kid's school had a food donation week before.
eard they collected loads of donation.
re do we donate the collected food?
could bring them in to a local church.
 we could send them to a volunteer group offering a food bank.
nds good.
ually, we can see lots of homeless or people on benefits in our area.
s very important to help our neighbours, isn't it?
ave many unopened tinned food at home.
do I.
tocked up some for the emergency, but forgot to use them up.
be more people in our office are similar.

 about asking everybody to bring along the old clothes as well?
ticularly, children's clothing is in demand.
ee!
s quickly grow out of the clothes.
 I'm sure kids' clothes will be well accepted.
y, then we'll do.
 we've agreed to ask donation of food and clothing internally.
l work on an e-mail message and send it out to the employees.
it okay if we start on Monday the week after.
.
l find a box for the donation.
nks.
ope we will have a lot of donation.
eed.
this is Tamamoto from Company N.
Tamamoto-san, this is Shibuya.
e you are well Shibuya-san.
it okay if I ask for a small favor?
, what is it?
 I ask you to change my flight for my business trip to Tokyo tomorrow?
uddenly have to go for a business meeting in the morning.
y, you're currently taking the one departing Nagoya at eight thirty via Airline B?
 it's the one leaving around 8 o'clock via Airline A.
y, will any flight departing in the afternoon work?
h, the business meeting is from 9 o'clock and should take 2 hours so any flight after twelve thirty will be good.
 it would be better if I have more time for the business trip to Tokyo so maybe an earlier flight in the afternoon would be good.
, I just checked the flight for Airline A and the earliest available flight is from 5 o'clock.
it that full?
ortunately yes.
uld I take a look at Airline B?
, please, 5 o'clock is a bit too late.
nk you for waiting, it seems Airline B is fully booked until the evening.
onder if there is some event or something.
t's no good, is there any with the LCC?
 flights, let me check.
there aren't any, how about the bullet train?
 bullet train isn't convenient so I'm actually not fond of it.
h, but what else can we do?
, I'll call the person I'm meeting and will ask to shift the business meeting to a later date.
you can leave the reservation as is.
erstood.
 can I ask you to do one more thing?
, what is it?
s in regards to the hotel in Tokyo tomorrow, I was looking at the confirmation email and noticed that it was a smoking room.
ust have made a mistake when I booked it.
 you call the hotel and ask if there are non-smoking rooms available, and if so can you change the room?
y, which hotel is it?
s Hotel N in Ginza.
y.
battery on my phone is running low so can you send me an email on what you find out?
y, I'll get back to you on this.
orikawa-san, how are you!
tomorrow is the sales department's new employee welcoming party, go have lots of fun.
ook forward to it but I'm also a bit depressed.
t's wrong, are you worried about something?
will be different from a drinking party from a club in my university days so I'm worried I will get out of line.
 were worried about something like that?
hink you can just express your gratitude to the party and just enjoy it normally as usual.
mally as usual, that's all?
're supposed to have fun with everyone at welcoming parties, it's also to learn more about each other.
y will have a weird impression of you if you are too uptight and awkward about it.
just like that, being normal is the best, right?
there anything that a new employee must do at drinking parties?
l, it would be good if you are attentive.
e making sure everyone has an extra plate or making sure everyone has got their alcohol.
ring some alcohol in their glass if it's getting less.
n should I be pouring it?
e one third?
when the glass is completely empty?
ple preferences varies but I'm the type that does it when it is empty.
re isn't really a set amount.
 will probably know if you try pouring it once when it is around one third.
ple who dislike it will say no and those who are fine will just hand you their glass.
 I don't think you have to be that detailed and attentive, just pour it when you notice it.
ee, got it.
uld I be pouring alcohol to managers or the section chief?
hink it would be good to go at least once.
I should go around in order in terms of rank?
h, by rank in general.
re is the venue tomorrow?
eard it is at the banquet hall of Hotel H beside Station S.
n I think there will be around 6 people sitting around a round table.
the section chief is sitting with you then you can ignore the rank and just pour it for the section chief first.
o, they serve a French course menu so make sure to eat at a pace that others are eating at.
you are oddly slow or fast, they may think you are the type that does things at your own pace.
y, I grew up with older and younger brothers so I eat fast but I will be careful.
ally, be sure to remember this by all means.
sure to not get too drunk not just for new employee welcome party but for future company drinking parties.
re are people who completely change without realizing when they get too drunk.
y, thank you for your advice.
 their lobster cream sauce is awesome, have fun!
lo Yanaka san, it's a pleasure, as always.
lo Miyajima san, the pleasure is all mine.
ay, I wanted to discuss the health examination situation with you.
yes, we need to provide medical examinations for our employees.
t's right, it is mandated by the Labor Safety and Health Act.
s very strict now that there's been an increase in health disorders due to long working hours.
ight, then we must get this in order.
we send them to one of the company approved hospitals?
t is one option.
the company can organize a group health examination, or allow each employee to take an exam and submit results.
ee, there are many options, which would you recommend?
ecommend using one of the G prefectural health insurance association approved medical institutions for your company.
t would be the easiest option.
ld it have to be a medical institution approved by the health insurance association?
a general rule, yes.
have an L hospital as our client.
as hoping we can use the hospital, if possible.
's see, I will check the list right now.
l, L hospital is...
ortunately is not on the list.
, how can we use this hospital?
 company would have to cover the costs for the health examinations.
an contact L hospital and tell them not to charge the fees from the employees ahead of time.
re might be incidences where they might request something other than what's required when the exams are done individually.
 you give me an example?
 example, in a case when an employee chooses a gastroscopy procedure, rather than taking barium.
 cost difference will be an additional 20,000 yen.
ee.
would need to inform the employees in advance that there are different options.
ill draw up a memo for the health exam.
t would be great, thank you.
ld we need to get all of them to take the exam around the same time?
hink it will be difficult for all of them to go around the same time due to site constraints.
gree and they won't need to do it at the same time.
o, it is not required by law to pay employees during the examination.
 it is recommended that the company treat that time as work, and provide pay.
t employees consider it as a company requirement that they do the exam.
nderstand, we will treat it as working hours.
 I will let you know when I prepare the memo for the health exam.
t would be great, thank you.
t because we're new, why do we have to take the initiative in picking up calls?
 can't whoever is available pick it up?
t's true.
 if you take the initiative and pick up, it will be a chance for the other party to know that a new person joined and to remember your name.
 if the way you handled the call was good, your reputation will get better from outside and inside the company.
 that'd be nice.
 please do pick up the calls.
n why is it that we have to gather reference materials and pick out information?
't this something that the author should do?
l, there are amateur authors and of course professional authors who do it themselves.
 I want the author to focus on the story in front of them now.
hering reference materials does take some time to do.
 I'd rather have the author spend that time writing.
o, gathering materials and picking out the information from a different perspective can bring about a new idea for the author too.
it's not just simply gathering materials.
elieve that things like that are part of an editor's job.
ee, there is such a meaning behind that too.
nk you very much Sasaki-san.
d morning, Satoru!
 Ron, you're pretty hyper today.
t's up?
e you heard that our biometric sensor will be on TV soon?
 I've heard someone was saying something about that, I guess.
ll be on the news show for T Station every Thursday night.
 know "State of the Art Technology of the Week" section in that show, don't you?
 I watch that quite often, too!
 yeah, F Corporation was on that show the other day, showing their cyber security system that uses AI or something.
t's right, that person from F was pretty good at talking.
e heard that section is actually shot in one go.
, but they often ask some sharp questions, don't they?
s laboratory has quite a few of projects with non-disclosure agreement, so we have to be careful what we say, huh?
's going to be on the show from our lab?
uess Kaname would be the one.
s our Chief of the Development, too.
 he knows everything about our sensor.
n I can relax in front of the TV if he'll be on air.
 speaking of the devil...
d morning, Kaname!
d morning.
t are you all chatting about gathering together?
I missing on something here guys?
l, we were just talking about our sensor being introduced on TV, Kaname.
 that, you guys have sharp ears, huh?
n is it going to be on air, Kaname?
hink it'll be on about three weeks from now.
e they shot already?
 yet, it's supposed to be next Tuesday afternoon.
amera crew is coming here from the TV station.
, where are they shooting?
elieve they'll shoot it in Meeting Room 1.
y said they'd prefer a spacious room with lots of light.
l then, should we put away some of the stuff like the whiteboard in the room?
s okay, they want to shoot in our usual setting.
 relieved that they won't go into the messy lab.
h, why does it have to be on that day, I'll be gone on a business trip!
 have nothing to do with shooting, though.
l, I'm a fan of that reporter girl!
now you want to chat a bit more, but we have a morning meeting in 10 minutes, all right?
l, so that's about it for the morning meeting today?
 I'd like to confirm one more thing.
ut the TV coverage next week, which sensor are we showing them?
l, Kentaro wanted to put out the latest ones, but....
haven't completed testing for the one with vein authentication yet, you know?
re still developing 3D sensors for face recognition, too.
 we've decided to show our iris authentication sensor currently mounted on F Corporation's S phone.
for our latest sensors, it's probably safer to mention a little at the end of the coverage.
w, I was worried if something went wrong like that time with that fingerprint sensor.
till carry that trauma, you know?
 that was chilling, and it was a live show, too!
on't know what you guys are talking about.
ut fingerprint authentication?
 yeah, it was quite a while ago so maybe you weren't around then, Anna.
ut 10 years ago, I believe?
, like this time, a TV show covered our fingerprint recognition sensor which we had just developed at the time.
ortunately, it didn't work out properly during the live report, and we couldn't cover for the trouble on the fly either.
h, this lab's reputation took a nosedive then, and we had to spend few years to recover!
taro insisted that he'd show the latest product at the time as well.
ike this time, I couldn't convince him not to.
 I think the big part of it was that Toru fiddled around with the sensor, even though he didn't know much about how to use it.
s the director of this laboratory, but just a figurehead, a retired official, isn't he?
a, you should watch your mouth, Ron.
l, seriously, he always intervenes in projects he doesn't really understands, and gets us into troubles.
t week too, Toru followed me to see my presentation at F Corporation, though.
just kept telling them unnecessary things, so I had to spend so much extra time to follow up with explanations for each and every aspect.
 he did that to me, too, at an exhibition last month!
spoke to participants as if he knew everything, you know?
ad to be on the watch and cover for him throughout the event, made me super exhausted!
should learn more about our products if he wants to go speak in public.
l, everybody, calm down a bit, don't be so hard on him.
u is thinking of how he'd do better this time, so he should be okay.
t, wait a sec, what do you mean he'd be okay?
l, you were all talking about it, weren't you?
ut Toru's appearance, on TV.
're not saying that Toru will be on the show this time with our iris recognition sensor, are you?
, you didn't know?
 no, no, that's definitely impossible!
 way, no more of that nightmare!
he trying to traumatize the whole Lab now?
lo everyone, let's get started with today's meeting.
name is Okada.
e to meet you all.
ce this is our first meeting, let's begin with a quick introduction around the table.
n, I am going to give you a brief introduction of our new project.
m going to be leading this team for the duration of this project.
ormally work at unit one in the Sales Department.
ase come and talk to me at my desk in unit one, if you have any questions or suggestions.
s nice meeting you all today.
ld you like to introduce yourself next, Ms. Kishida?
e.
e to meet you all, I'm Kishida.
m at unit two in the Sales Department.
ook forward to working with you all.
e meeting you too, Ms. Kishida.
name is Miyamoto.
ork in the Sales Promotion Department.
ook forward to collaborating with you both.
are now going to talk about the outline of this project.
 new project aims to identify new users for our payment settlement system.
thermore, we are also looking at extending our services to new types of users from our list of sales leads.
t exactly do you mean by new type of users?
d question, it means we are aiming to attract not only retail shops or restaurants but also any other potential opportunities.
ee.

want to get various type of users.
t's right.
t's why our team comprises different sales departments and divisions.
ctly.
h department or unit has a different marketing strategy, and that would be our strength.
.
's make this project a success.
, let's try our best!
course we will have a revenue target, but we will go into that more in our next meeting.
way, we should close the meeting here as we are running out of time.
l email you the schedule for the next meeting and the supplemental documents later.
, noted.
, please.
Kana, can I ask you something?
e.
re is a student who wants to send his personal belongings to Japan by sea.
s leaving the country next month, and he came to the office yesterday asking for advice.
nderstand that we usually use Company Y for the shipment, but when I called them this morning to get a quote, they basically told me it would cost more than 1000 pounds.
ce that is way out of his budget, I am trying to find other ways of doing it.
ht.
pany Y offers the service as one whole package, and while it is very convenient, it tends to be a bit overpriced.
we can find a shipping company here, and a custom broker and a delivery company in Japan separately by ourselves the total fee should be cheaper.
ee.
had a similar case a few years ago.
hink I can find the record here, give me a sec.
nks.
e it is.
asked Company W to collect the cargo and ship to the Japanese Port in Tokyo, then for the custom paperwork we asked Company E and they arranged the delivery for us as well.
 total fee was 500 pounds.
iously, the fee will change depending on the size and the weight of the cargo as well as the value of the contents.
could avoid getting any custom charge for this case, so that was good.
 much stuff is he going to send?
should be about the same as hers.
 well obviously we shouldn't expect it to be exactly the same, but I'd say we can do it in the same way this time.
h, I will call Company W.
y would need a rough amount of the package and a value of the contents so maybe check with the student first.
 yes.
ill email him.
 also Company W may have introduced CMS so check that with them too.
t is CMS?
s "container management surcharge".
is a little unclear if that is really a thing, but some shipping companies charge the broker when they unload the cargos at the port.
s like a handling fee.
ee.
pany W did not charge us the last time so hopefully it still is the case.
h.
 I ask you to send me the file of the previous case?
ant to go through it.
course.
ually, I am going to make it anonymous and upload it on our shared database.
may have similar cases in the future.
nk you!
're welcome.
nks for offering to help me with my presentation.
e never given a presentation in front of such big audience before.
 glad I could help!
t are you planning?
 thinking about using a slide show.
l probably include a pie chart showing our demographic.
n I'll use a bar graph to show our numbers for each region.
ould suggest explaining the graph rather than just showing.
sure to point out what each axis means.
t way, you can make sure everyone understands what you're trying to show.
o, make sure the colors between the sections of the graph stand out easily.
't make it too fancy, though.
s better to keep it pretty simple.
y!
t makes sense.
 does this theme look?
t one is a bit too complicated.
s hard to read what the labels say.
hink you should try this one instead.
nks.
you have any tips for the actual presentation?
ould say practice a few times before.
ce out your practice between a few days, so you won't be too stressed by practicing on the last day.
t don't be too nervous, and make sure to look around the room rather than at the white board.
 more you have your presentation memorized, the easier it will be to make eye contact with people.
l be sure to practice.
t's the part I'm most worried about.
nk you for your help!
problem.
d luck!